U.E. C.1: The Unhinged Girl


Author’s note: The concept for this is me writing what I like as I like.



* * *



In a deserted forest, there was a middle-aged man and a young girl.

The man was dressed in shirt and trousers so dirty you couldn’t tell when they were last washed. Dandruff scattered as he ran his hand through his unkept beard and hair.

The man resembled a wild beast, and he was looking at the girl with an animalistic and vulgar smile.

“Heh, didn’t expect Jou-chan to invite me. What did’ya wanna talk about?”

(T/N: little lady)

The girl was a stark contrast to the filthy man.

Shining silver hair hung down to her waist and long eyelashes bordered her purple eyes.

Her nose was elegantly straight and her lips the colour of cherry blossoms.

Her features were well-proportioned and in harmony with each other and her pure white skin was smooth as porcelain.

The pullover linen dress she wore had no decorations. It was a popular piece of clothing in this village far removed from the towns. But rather than looking simple, it gave the look of poverty.

Yet on her, it did not look shabby at all.

In fact, the clothing was the decoration that emphasised her innocent beauty.

The girl whose mere presence drew gazes――Krische looked at the man in front of her expressionlessly.

“……umm, Krische would like you to stop, touching Krische’s body.”

Krische simply stated her request to the man who was looking at her vulgarly.

The man’s――Galo’s face showed surprise at her words, but then his grin widened.

In the past, the girl’s expression had shown her displeasure, but this was the first time she had voiced it.

“C’mon, what’s a little skinship. It’s not like you’ll lose anything from me touching your butt, you’re worrying too much.”

Galo did not have any sexual preferences that lead him to target girls like her.

He was a normal man that preferred adult women with more feminine bodies.

But this girl that the village had taken in, she had something that drove such a man crazy.

Her clear eyes always shone with intelligence and her smile was only a slight relaxing of her cheeks.

It was more than her physical beauty, it was her refined, humble manner that made her charm something seldom found in the village――seldom found even in the towns. And it was the strange atmosphere about her that lead men astray.

It started with a passing fancy.

Galo is a former soldier, his job to teach the village guards and children the sword.

It was just a little fun while teaching Krische, enjoying some light body touches during lessons.

But she was quiet and showed no signs of discomfort.

That was the impetus.

Krische was different and many found her weird, nobody acted to stop Garo and she herself did not show much resistance. He could not stop himself――things escalated, leading to today.

She showed no signs of telling her foster parents.

Seeing that, Garo judged that as long as he didn’t go too far, she wouldn’t tell anyone.

Meaning in this deserted forest, a little more mischief may be allowed.

“Relax, I won’t do anything painful.”

Saying that, the man drew nearer, but Krische drew back a step, away from the man.

She glanced around and sharpened her ears.

The presences around, the state of the ground, the direction of the wind and their relative positions.

Just right, Krische thought.

“Will you stop this?”

“C’mon, don’t say that. Oji-chan just wants to get to know you, ojou-chan.”

(T/N: uncle)

“……get to know?”

“Yeah, get to know you. Jou-chan knows what I mean right?”

Krische took a step back in fear――pretended to.

Two steps, three steps.

And then she fell backwards, as if she had lost her balance. The man moved to cover her――

“It’s going to be alrigh, ah, ga……?”

――and a wooden practice sword stabbed into his throat.

It had been hidden beforehand, leaning against a tree.

A thrust that used the opponent’s momentum against them.

Not a bad strike, but a little shallow. And this position was not optimal for landing the finishing blow.

She twisted the handle, digging into the soft flesh and shifted the man’s body off her.

Not understanding what had happened, the man bent over in agony, pressing his hands to his throat.

Krische got to her feet, then putting all her weight behind it, she thrust the wooden sword towards the bones in his neck.

The first time, the man’s movement caused the sword the slip off the bone, gouging flesh as it stabbed into the ground.

She pulled it out and tried again.

This time she felt the blunt sensation of the neck bone breaking. Krische nodded to herself in satisfaction and caught her breath.

“Mm, this should, do it.”

Smiling at the strange way the man’s expression squirmed and twisted, she started dragged the man by his clothes.

Nearby, she had dug a hole more than deep enough for an adult to stand in.

With a final check that it was deep enough such that animals would not sniff him out, she threw the twitching man in and shoveled dirt back in, hopping on the earth occasionally to pat it down.

With that done, she checked herself for any stains, then stared at the tip of the wooden sword.

There was a little blood on the wooden sword.

She had only stabbed his throat――there wasn’t much blood, but there’s a chance some stuck on her.

She stripped down to her underwear and squinted at her body, then nodded in satisfaction at the result.

She had been considering how to dispose of this unpleasant man for a while.

Just killing him was simple, but she needed to make sure no one noticed and avoid any chance of being suspected.

An actual blade would cause blood to splatter, but simple blows from a wooden sword was a little lacking.

Krische’s body was light, even if she put her weight into it, it would be difficult to cause death instantly using a wooden sword.

Even if she smashed his skull with a hammer or something similar, it would be troublesome if he screamed.

She has never killed an adult before, their stamina could not be taken lightly

In the end, she decided it would be most efficient to make use of the opponents body weight and stab at the throat――once she prevents him from screaming, the rest was simple. She didn’t have to go to the trouble to steal tools either. The results were excellent.

Wonderful, Krische smiled in satisfaction, she loved efficiency like this above all else.

She shaved off the bloodied tip of the wooden sword with a knife and used dirt to dirty and hide the shaved area.

She felt no guilt or fear for killing a person.

She only felt satisfaction in disposing of the unpleasant man that touched her.

It is fun when things go as plan.

With this slight discomfort in her days is removed and her life will become more enjoyable.

Clean if the room is dirty.

Kill if the person is unpleasant.

“Ehehe, now to hurry back to buy a pumpkin.”

That was all murder was too her, nothing more.

The girl named Krische is undoubtedly, abnormal.



* * *



A Maiden’s Unwanted Heroic Epic



* * *



Karka Village was a rural settlement built on hunting, agriculture and salt mining.

The rock salt in particular was of good quality and was their main source of trade. With regards to this, this village was more blessed than the others.

The harvest was a little poor, but the mountain provided enough food to make up for it.

Half the men of the village worked in the salt mines while the other half were hunters.

The women worked the fields and handled the laundry along with other chores.

Abandoned at the age of three, Krische had been taken in by a hunter of this village.

In a cold house that did not even have a kitchen.

A potato and bean soup stewed over a sunken fireplace in the middle of the house.

It was a simple soup with a miserably small amount of jerky.

The silver-haired girl――Krische sat next to it with her legs tucked under herself. She occasionally scooped some soup using a wooden ladle, blowing on it to cool it before tasting, then nodding in satisfaction.

“……mhm, tastes wonderful.”

The boar meat in the soup added flavour.

It was at times like this that she was grateful to be taken in by a hunter.

It is a luxury to be able to add meat everyday, no matter how little.

Just adding salt to potato and beans did not taste of anything, there wasn’t enough flavour.

A soup definitely needs some meat in it, Krische thought as she sipped from the ladle. Krische enjoyed the fragrance, smiling in bliss.

After killing Garo, she had picked some herbs from the forest.

They helped to balance out the stench of the meat.

Without the stench, only the deep flavour of the meat was left――satisfied with the results, Krische smiled as she filled her stomach under the guise of taste testing.

She had made more soup than usual to ‘taste test’.

Krische prefered to act rationally, so naturally being swayed by a base desire like hunger was embarassing for her.

Unfortunately for her, Krische’s appetite was greater than average and she couldn’t resist the bad habit of ‘taste-testing’.

This was likely due to genetics combined with the memories of wandering the forest hungry when she was younger.

――Ingredients and salt thrown into boiling water, that’s it.

The impetus was this disastrous cooking by her foster mother.

It was so bad that Krische proactively helped with cooking despite her young age, but now she has been completely taken by the appeal of cooking itself.

After all, she could season it according to her own tastes and there was the perk of getting to drink as much soup as she wanted to under the just cause of ‘taste-testing’.

Krische was always hungry, so the very concept of ‘taste-testing’ was a gift from the heavens and by this point, she did all the cooking at home.

Her parents used to be indifferent to seasoning, but are now addicted to Krische’s cooking and showered her with praises.

Thanks to that, Krische has a good reputation for being a homely daughter.

Cooking is full of perks, Krische thought as she nodded to herself.

She could eat what she liked, fill her stomach through ‘taste-testing’ and it also improves her reputation.

To Krische, cooking has become part and parcel of her life.

“But, this is lacking something……I really wanted pumpkin soup.”

Krische pouted disgruntledly.

Peddlers had visited the village yesterday.

The peddlers would spend a day in the village then leave the next morning.

Usually, she would’ve bought a pumpkin, but she had to dig a hole to bury the man while everyone’s attention was focused on the peddlers, so she couldn’t.

Instead she intended to buy the pumpkin this morning after disposing of the man, but luring the man out took more time than expected, causing her to miss her chance to buy the pumpkin.

The soup was as delicious as usual.

But for ‘pumpkin-addict’ Krische, it was not enough.

――maybe a little more meat. No, I can’t. The rest is for tomorrow.

A few more mouthfuls of soup to ‘taste-test’.

Just as she was filling her stomach while deep in thought, the door slid open with a clatter.

“Ah……”

A woman stepped in.

She was pretty with a slightly freckled face and her long black hair was roughly bundled up at the back.

“Welcome back, Kaa-sama.” (T/N: Mother)

Krische remined seated as she greeted her mother, Grace.

“Krische, I’m back, you’re already preparing dinner?”

“I am done. Today is a little hot so I added a bit more salt, how is it……?”

Scooping up some soup in the ladle, she offered it to Grace.

Krische’s foster mother smiled wryly at Krische――who was supposedly ‘cooking’, and took a sip.

She was aware that the hungry Krische had been drinking the soup under the guise of ‘taste-testing’, but made no mention of it.

To Grace, Krische’s gluttonous tendencies and how she thought she hid it was adorable.

Krische was serious, honest and hardworking, she did everything better than the average person――but she had this childish side to her and Grace watched over her with a warm gaze

“Mhm, it’s delicious, Krische.”

“Really?”

“Fufu, why would I lie?”

When the village’s most beautiful woman, Grace wedded Gorka, a young and skilled hunter, everyone in the village was happy for them and gave their blessings. But unfortunately, the two were not blessed with child and when they were finally expecting, it was a stillbirth.

At a time when they were still stricken with grief, Gorka found an abandoned child, Krische.

The two of them decided to raise Krische as the daughter god had granted them, loving her as if she really was their own and Krische exceeded all their expectations.

Grace had absolutely no complaints about Krische, who was now known as the prettiest in the village.

Naturally Grace had noticed that her slightly strange daughter had problems understanding the feelings of others, but that did not change her love for Krische.

In fact Grace felt that it was her duty as Krische’s parent to guide her and patiently taught Krische――at the very least, it is thanks to Grace that Krische can lead a normal life.

Krische had no complaints about her parents either.

Aside from their slight overprotectiveness, Grace and Gorka are the ideal parents and Krische felt something close to love for them.

“……Krische, you really are good at cooking.”

“Ehehe……”

Krische smiled as Grace patted her head.

Krische snuggled up to Grace and put her arms around Grace, pressing her face into Grace’s bosom

The fact that she had just killed someone was already gone from Krische’s mind.

She was just a girl, like any other her age.

――This was already the third.

Before today, Krische had also done away with two children her age.

Krische felt no qualms at all about killing unpleasant people.

She only hid it because the community rules did not allow murder.

She never questioned resorting to such methods.

Unpleasant people are unpleasant just by existing.

Killing people never hurt or affected her otherwise.

Then if she kills them, it is a relief and she never has to meet them again.

Her thought process is exceedingly simple and self-centered.

While she is extremely intelligent, she lacks the ability to empathise.

That is Krische’s greatest flaw.

But that did not mean she derived pleasure from murder.

Aside from her peculiar train of thought and her skewed sense of morals, Krische’s feelings are not so different from what other’s feel.

Krische feels something similar to love for her parents who have taught her the various rules of the village and treat her as their own. Thus she is willing to spare no effort for them.

“Kaa-sama, is there anything else I can help with?”

――gain and loss.

Krische saw things simply and thought of them in terms of gain and loss.

She believes it is natural to compensate those who treat her well and worked to fulfill the wishes of her parents who had taken her in and raised her.

To her, that is the repayment of her gains, a balancing of accounts.

What Krische feels is not so different from the love a child feels for their parents. When she is loved, she replies with something similar to honest and pure love.

She believes it is natural to answer expectations and spares no effort to do it, making her more well-behaved and harder working than a normal child――she was the ideal child.

“Err……cleaning and……laundry are all done……”

Grace looked around the room, troubled with how to answer Krische’s question.

Their belongings were tidy and the house had been aired.

The room was clean, free of dust and stains, underwear and such had also been hung outside.

“Haa……seriously. You are so easy to take care of that it feels more like I’m being taken care off. How’re you such a good girl?”

Grace patted Krische’s head again with a wry smile.

Krische pressed herself against Grace with a small smile, eyes narrowed in pleasure.

“There’s still time until sundown, go out and play a little.”

“……okay.”

The girl smiled quietly and nodded, rubbing her cheeks against her mother, enjoying the sensation.

She was without a doubt, abnormal.

But she was also the very girl she looked to be.

-End-



* * *



Krische. Like Cliche. But r.

I’m assuming no one pronounces the second c in cliche as a c.

……Garo was technically still alive, just paralysed below the neck……

was

Translating with permission from author~

ひふみしごろ先生、ありがとう～

Co-translated with Fried Hedgehog from Hinjaku Honyaku





U.E. C.2: The Girl’s Daily Life


――The bending of the wood, the tension in the strong, the movement of the wind.

Feeling all that, Krische quietly widened her stance.

Instead of tensing, Krische focused on the something flowing smoothly through every corner of her body.

This was mana, a formless power, which Krische perceived as a ‘floofy feeling’.

Instead of moving her muscles, she used mana to control her arms and legs, as if her own body was a puppet.

Emulating the expert hunter in her memories, Krische applied those movements to her own body.

She controlled her body using mana on a daily basis, thus muscle strains and stiffness were not a concern to her.

Her body moved exactly as she imagined, always controlled, her ideal self.

When had she learnt this technique? Two? Three?

Krische only had a vague sense of how long she had been alive then, but it was around that age.

Krische’s body is as young and powerless as others her age, but by controlling it with magic, she can be almost as strong as――no, stronger, than adults.

This is the reason she can easily handle a bow that is a little tough for children.

Rustling and movements in the grass.

In that long, dragged out instant of time, she focused on those and quietly held her breath.

A moment of silence――then the twang of the bowstring cutting through the air.

The released arrow was sucked into the bush, followed by the dull thud of a stolen life.

Even without looking, Krische was sure of the hit. She drew closer and stared expressionlessly at the thrashing rabbit, the arrow piecing its neck.

She then grabbed it by the leg and headed to the river, where she held it upside down and slit its throat with a knife.

Blood flowed out quickly, pumped by a dying heart, dripping onto and staining the ground.

“Mm, that’s good.”

Quickly draining the blood is the secret to good meat――otherwise, the meat would develop a stench.

Krische quickly took out a piece of string and tied the rabbit’s leg to a tree, hanging it upside down.

Its convulsions grew weaker and it eventually stopped moving.

As she was blankly watching the life leak out of the rabbit, there was a sound from behind.

“……Krische, what’re you doing?”

“Tou-sama, Ojii-sama” (T/N: Father, grandfather)

Two men stepped out of the thicket.

The tall, thin man with a beard around his mouth was Gorka.

Krische’s foster father, a young expert hunter and the leader.

The other was Grace’s father――Krische’s grandfather, Gallen.

He was the village’s hero, a man that had experienced seven campaigns and rose to the rank of centurion.

His rough white hair combined with his experience created an unapproachable atmosphere around him, but he was a caring grandfather and doted on Krische.

Krische was also quite attached to her grandfather.

The village’s hunters normally acted in pairs.

Gorka was no exception and always hunted together with Gallen, Grace’s father and his own mentor.

The two seemed to have managed to bring down their prey today, between them was a pole with a boar strapped to it.

Looking at the three arrows embedded in it, it must have been difficult.

The boar was plump, a big catch.

“Ehehe, Krische was practicing archery. Krische thought things would be easier for Tou-sama if Krische could hunt too.”

It was just as it looked like.

But though her explanation was correct, it was not accurate.

Krische was not satisfied and wanted more meat for the pot, but she did not want them to think of her as gluttonous.

This was just archery practice. The rabbit she hunted was a coincidence, that’s how she wanted them to think.

Krische was self-centered and narcissistic, thus she held herself to extreme standards.

She always kept herself clean, minding her manners when around others, not sparing any effort to be everything that was considered virtuous.

This is because of her aesthetic sense, or arrogant thinking. The very basis of which is the belief that she ought to be better than everyone else.

To Krische, being bound by base desires and emotions is nothing but proof of foolishness.

Naturally, she should act in a rational way without being swayed by such emotions――because Krische thought like that, her uncontrollable craving for food is embarrassing, a disgrace, a fatal flaw preventing her from achieving her ideal self.

Of course Krische is also human――she has also had the thought, isn’t it fine if it’s just that? I can’t help it since I can’t resist it anyway.

But here lies the tragedy.

Her mind had an important screw loose, causing her to also be strongly objective about herself.

This strong objectivity meant Krische could not allow this minor flaw.

“Er, then a rabbit, just happened to pass by so…..Krische tried aiming for it. Er……and then, To, Tou-sama must also be tired from hunting everyday, so, so Krische thought it would be better to eat more meat, er……”

――Krische is not a glutton. Krische was just trying to help.

This was definitely not Krische losing to her appetite, it was to help her parents who had always taken good care of her.

Even as she tried to explain that confidently, she believed she had been doing something shameful, resulting in a stammer that only sounded like excuses.

“A, Anyway, Krische wanted to help Tou-sama.”

But to her this was a perfect argument.

She was full of confidence that with this explanation, they would not think her a glutton.

“Kuku, got it got it. You’re a good filial girl.”

Grandpa Gallen smiled wryly at Krische.

Of course her excuse would not work on the adults, she was just let off the hook because it was amusing to listen to her excuses.

Krische did not understand the wry smiles they had whenever she made excuses.

“Ehehe, thank you.”

Krische smiled, blissfully unaware, believing her excuse had worked.

Gallen smiled at the usual antics of his granddaughter and picked up Krische’s handmade bow to examine it――but the other man, her father was frozen in confusion.

After some thought, Gorka cautiously asked.

“……that rabbit, Krische, was it you?”

“Yes. Krische is now draining the blood.”

Hearing her answer, he frowned, staring at Krische.

“Who taught you? I don’t recall teaching you……”

“……? Krische saw Tou-sama do it several times.”

Seeing Krische tilt her head in confusion, Gorka whispered, It can’t be.

He had let Krische see him shoot several times.

But that was it.

He never had any intention of teaching her how to handle the bow.

In the first place, Krische was a girl, she couldn’t become a hunter.

“Krische only learnt by watching so is not as good as Tou-sama. But Krische can also make the arrow accurately fly to where Krische aims now, ehehe.”

He turned towards the rabbit, an arrow cleanly through its neck.

An expert hunter like Gorka did not need to see her shoot.

Just from the arrow’s position and how it deeply it was embedded, he understood her skill.

That was why he was shaken.

“……just by seeing several times.”

Gorka had known that Krische had a terrifying ability to learn.

But seeing it like this, seeing his skill honed over many years, easily acquired, a chill ran down his spine.

Krische had probably burnt ‘the few shots she had seen’ into her memory, then over time, made it her own.

How Gorka held the bow, his stance, his breathing. She had perfectly memorised them, comprehended them and understood the key points just by seeing him do it a few times.

She had abnormal intelligence and talent.

He had known this, but he could not calm the turmoil in his heart.

Leaving Gorka lost in thought, Gallen opened his mouth to speak.

“Krische, did you make this bow?”

“Yes. It is not very well made, but it is enough to shoot rabbits.”

“You’ve made a small mistake in choosing the wood. You’ve cut it neatly, but you need to pay attention to the knots and fibers. I’ll show you how to do it next time.”

“Ehehe……thank you very much.”

Krische smiled as Gallen patted her head, then turned her purple eyes at Gorka.

“……what’s wrong? Tou-sama.”

“Ah, it’s nothing……Krische, you haven’t gone deeper into the woods, right?”

“Yes, as I was told not to. I caught the rabbit right nearby.”

“There are legends of monsters in the forest depths. I’m sure you’re sick of hearing this over and over again, but be very careful.”

“Okay, Tou-sama”

It’s about time, as she nodded obediently, Krische took out her knife and sliced along the rabbit’s belly and limbs.

In a good mood, she tried to peel the hide, but then frowned, it wouldn’t come off.

“……hm?”

“Krische, you’re doing it a bit wrong. To skin a rabbit, you start from here.”

Gallen helped her with a gentle laugh, easily peeling off the rabbit hide.

“……I see.”

Krische looked on in amazement.

――Gorka noticed an inhuman glint in her eyes, bringing to mind a snake’s eyes.

Krische’s lovely eyes were beautiful, but Gorka occasionally felt something terrifying about those large purple eyes.

Whenever she was observing something, Krische would always watch in a somewhat detached manner.

Just like that time with the corpse which had fallen from a height, the sight of it had made adult men step back.

Gorka recalled how Krische had also stared at the broken corpse with those eyes.

Even though it was a friend her age――Krische had calmly observed it with those inhuman eyes.

When Krische realised she was being watched, she looked back at Gorka, tilting her head.

Then looking as if she had understood something, she blushed a little and said.

“It looked simple but, Krische still has much to learn……”

Being able to do it is a matter of course――the standard Krische held for herself is extremely high.

Krische thought Gorka was staring at her foolish mistake, completely misunderstand his gaze and looking away in embarrassment.

That expression was adorable, like a little fairy.

Seeing his daughter act like a normal girl her age, Gorka shook his head, denying his thoughts.

“……I was like that when younger. It’s more than enough being able to do that much.”

“Yeah, Gorka was a little chicken back then, he ended up trying to skin his own hand. In terms of that, you’ve got steady nerves, Krische.”

――steady nerves.

No, that’s not it, Gorka thought.

Even now that he is used to gutting prey, it’s still unpleasant for him to remove the entrails of an animal that had just been alive. Looking at grotesque innards is definitely not fun.

But Krische stayed composed, removing the entrails and turning the rabbit into meat.

Does Krische not feel the same fear that normal people feel? Gorka mulled.

“Tou-sama, can Krische help with gutting the boar too?”

“……yeah, of course. But wash your hands first. The blood under your nails will be harder to get out after a while.”

“Okay.”

Krische trotted to the river and scrubbed off the blood on her hands.

Watching her trot away, Gorka shook his head

No matter what, it did not change the fact that she is his beloved daughter, even if she is different from others, as her parent it is his duty to accept her as she is.

With that thought, Gorka felt embarrassed about the fear he had felt.

Both Gorka and Grace knew that Krische is a little different from others.

She is bright and intelligent, a genius at anything she did, quickly grasping the key points.

But conversely, she was poor at conversation, she only understood words at their face value and there was often miscommunications even with trivial topics.

Was it was because she was too smart? Or perhaps some other reason?

He was aware that many of the villagers found her weird.

He and Grace had often discussed, sometimes argued, and worked together to help their daughter fit in with others.

Accepting her for her good and bad, they loved and raised her as their own daughter.

They were not blessed with child, to them Krische was a gift from god.

Even though they understood her abnormality now, they still believed that.

Most importantly, after Krische joined them, Gorka and Grace’s life have become a lot more enjoyable.

――Different as she might be, please let her learn to understand others and be able to live with them.

With that thought, Gorka watched his beloved daughter and renewed his resolve.



* * *



Just like the rock salt they mined, the fruits of hunting was the shared property of the village.

The meat was entrusted to the women that worked at the butchers. There it matured before being preserved by drying or curing the meat and then redistributed――but if everything was to be shared, the hunters would not be motivated.

So hunters are granted the privilege to keep and bring home a portion of the meat they procured, usually a fatty part that was difficult to preserve.

Boar was more flavourful after being left to hang and mature for a few days.

So they had to wait three days later to enjoy the privilege, but small game like rabbits and birds were the exception to this rule.

Large game like deer and boar were game that only hunters could hunt, but rabbits and birds were safe and even children could catch them, these are allowed to be directly brought home.

There was an unspoken rule among hunters that forbid entering the forest to hunt small game, so these were treated as lucky spoils.

For this reason, hunters who only hunted small game were looked down on and many hunters who caught small game delivered them to the butchers anyways as shared property, so this rule never became problem.

Thus as game that was caught by Krische, a child that was not a hunter, the rabbit naturally belonged to their family.

Krische went home contentedly with the rabbit.

That night half the rabbit was tossed into the soup and the other half was cooked over the fire.

This was a luxurious meal compared to usual.

The plump rabbit had plenty of fats, when stewed the juices mixed into the soup, and when roasted oil trickled off it.

Gallen had been invited and the four of them surrounded the dinner table. The conversation was naturally centered around Krische.

“……it’s food you caught yourself, delicious right?”

“Yes, Ojii-sama. The last time Krische ate rabbit was the previous festival……it has been long time, rabbit really tastes great.”

As Krische bit into the rabbit thigh, the oily juices spread through her mouth.

The combination of salt, herbs and meat simply roasted over a flame danced on her tongue, creating the finest flavour.

Her thoughts were full of bliss.

A sip of soup, this was also exquisite.

The flavour of the meat had melted into soup, making it nice and thick. Combined with the bread, it was wonderful.

“Right? Have mine too.”

“Eh, er……o, okay……”

Krische accepted the meat from Gallen with some hesitation and a small smile.

Gallen smiled at that and turned to Gorka.

“Gorka, she said it’s been a while. Bring in some rabbit every once in a while for her. Krische’s a growing girl.”

“Ah, Krische did not mean that……”

“Kids don’t have to be shy. When I was a kid, I always asked for more food until my stomach was bloated.”

Krische narrowed her eyes in pleasure as Gallen roughly rubbed her head.

Grace laughed cheerfully and Gorka seemed to think a little before nodding.

“I guess you’re right. Grace and I are small eaters so we didn’t notice……but this might’ve been too little for Krische.”

“Yeah……Krische’s a little glutton despite appearances. When the peddlers come, she stares at the fish and cheese with glittering eyes too.”

“……eh?”

Krische was in the middle of stuffing her mouth with bread and meat as fast as she could without being indecent, but she froze with widened eyes upon hearing those words.

Then her eyes swimming, she denied it.

“Tha……that’s not true, Krische is not a little glutton……”

The three of them burst out laughing.

“Krische, did you think we wouldn’t know?”

“Fufu, you’re so cute…….everyone in the village knows that Krische is actually a big eater despite appearances.”

Krische’s white cheeks immediately flushed and she curled up in embarassment.

“That, that’s a lie……th, that can’t be true……”

Krische had always prepared an excuse whenever she was satisfying her desire.

She had constructed perfect reasons and excuses, at least from Krische’s point of view――but the flaw that should have been hidden well was known throughout the village.

Krische was in shock.

“The other women secretly call you the little glutton Krische-chan.”

――This public image was the direct opposite of Krische’s ideal.

Her eyes teared up in embarrassment and her white skin turned as red as an apple.

The way she moaned in embarrassment was befitting of her age.

The three laughed again.

“Normally you’re such a proper little Ojou-san, but this gap.”

“All the more because of how she normally acts.”

Listening to Gorka’s exchange with Grace, Gallen spoke with a faint smile.

“Don’t be shy with your parents Krische. What’s wrong with a little appetite? Krische works hard everyday, no one will complain.”

“Th, that’s not the problem……”

The greatest reason for Krische’s large appetite is her daily use of mana.

The bodies of those with more than a certain amount of mana are changed by it.

The food ingested is quickly broken down and converted to mana.

In these couple years, her mana expenditure had increased with her growth and it has gotten to the point where there is nothing left to excrete.

Since that was the reason for the vigorous appetite unbefitting of her appearance, there’s nothing she could do about it. This constitution of hers was mainly due to inheritance through blood, but such a bloodline did not exist in this village.

Thus nobody in the village noticed the reason for her appetite and that was Krische’s little tragedy.

“As a kid, Grace never helped with work and was so selfish. You’re a hardworker but too shy. Be honest and ask for what you want, you can ask for food if you’re hungry.”

“Oh stop it, Otou-san.”

“N, no, Krische really is not a glutton……”

Not wanting to accept it, Krische kept shaking her head and looked to Grace for help.

Seeing Krische like that, Grace chuckled.

“Fufu, stubborn girl. Here, We won’t tease you anymore so eat more.”

Having finished her meal, Grace patted Krische on the back with a smile.

Krische remained quiet, her face filled with shame, reluctantly sipping at the soup.

“Come on, because you two teased her, Krishe’s sulking.”

“You were the one that started it.”

“Was I?”

Laughing cheerfully, Grace continued speaking.

“Well, that aside, seriously……you clean the house and cook everyday, forage in the forest and even brought back a rabbit today……there’s nothing left for me to do. You should go and play more.”

With her face still bright red, Krische answered with tearful eyes.

“Er, er…… Krishce enjoys cleaning and co, cooking too.”

Krische wanted to emphasise that she cooked because she enjoyed it, not because she was a glutton.

But looking at their warm gazes, she did not feel like that excuse would work anymore.

Krische sulked, puffing out her cheeks, but Grace poked at them.

“Come on, don’t sulk. Fufu.”

“Uuu……”

Puhyuu, the air escaped and Krische moaned in embarassment.

Laughter resounded within the house.



* * *



With dinner over, they were now in the forest with the dishes.

Krische and Grace headed to a river a little ways in.

Twice a day, they went to bathe while washing the dishes.

The river bubbled, surrounded by trees.

The light of the crescent moon glittered in the flowing water, where a naked girl’s beautiful skin was washed by her mother’s hand.

The girl’s silver hair was infused with the moonlight and her skin was like fresh snow.

Likewise naked, Grace sighed as she washed Krische’s body.

“You’re really beautiful, just like a fairy.”

“I am beautiful?”

Without a shred of shame, Krische spread her arms and splashed the water.

She had gone into a sulk during dinner but now that she was bathing, she was in a good mood.

A quiet girl who seldom shows much emotion――that is how others often describe Krische, but with Grace, her expressions were rich and varied.

Watching Krische playing like a child, Grace smiled and nodded

“Yes, very. Krische is the most beautiful in the world. Like a Hime-sama.”

(T/N: Princess)

“Ehehe.”

Krische clung onto Grace and snuggled into her bosom.

Grace stroked Krische’s head as she spread a cloth on the grass and sat, dangling her legs in the river.

She then sat Krische on her lap and wiped the water from her silver hair before Krische grew cold.

Glancing at the sky, Grace smiled.

“Look, today’s moon is the same as Krische’s name, a very beautiful krische.”

“……?”

Krische also looked up at the sky and tilted her head in confusion.

Grace spoke to her cheerfully.

“The incomplete curved moon――in the old tongue, it’s called krische. The moon was like this when Gorka proposed to me……because it was so beautiful, I decided to name my daughter after it.”

“I see.”

“……you don’t sound interested.”

Grace pouted a little, then held Krische’s face between her hands.

“It is a charm. So that one day, you will get to experience my greatest happiness.”

“A charm?”

“Yes. Just like how I found Gorka, may you find someone like that. It might be a too early for you though, fufu.”

Krische tilted her head in confusion, looking at the sky.

The moon in the sky was just a moon, a waning moon, so there was little light.

That was all Krische could understand――she could not understand what was beautiful about it.

The moon wasn’t dirty, there was only the the difference between cloudy and clear.

(T/N: Word used for beautiful also means clean, 綺麗)

So she could not understand what Grace meant about a charm and tilted her head in confusion.

“Mmm, it is a little difficult for Krische……”

“No need to think too hard…… one day, Krische will understand.”

Is that how it is? Krische grew even more confused. Grace just laughed and lifted Krische to her feet.

After drying off the remaining moisture on Krische’s body, Grace nodded in satisfaction.

“Will you be going for practice tomorrow?”

“Yes. Pell asked me to train him.”

“You’re already such an Onee-san…… I won’t stop you, but both of you be careful not to get injured. You have such a beautiful body, it would be a shame to leave any marks on it.”

“Kaa-sama, there is no need to say that every time, Krische――”

“I worry. Come on, raise your arms.”

Once Krische obediently raised her arms, Grace passed the dress over her head and handed her underwear, then kissed her on the forehead.

“Parents are like this. Just put up with it.”

“Muu, okay……”

Krische pouted as she waited for Grace to be dressed, then linked arms with Grace.

They then entwined their hands and without saying anything in particular, smiled at each other.

Their unchanging daily life was peaceful despite occasional mild complaints.

Their life was simple but blissful, Krische never questioned the days that passed, loved by her parents.

She only had the vague thought that such days would continue forever.

“Come, let’s go back. I’ll feel bad for leaving Gorka alone for too long.”

“Okay.”

But that was the last day she spent with her family in this village.

-End-



* * *



Krische speaks very politely and properly most of the time. And her first-person pronoun is her own name.

Co-translated with Fried Hedgehog from Hinjaku Honyaku





U.E. C.3: Bandits


In the meadow outside the village, logs have been hammered into the ground and wrapped with cloth for training. Around them were a couple of youths and men.

This training grounds is used for teaching the sword and spear with actual combat in mind.

Although they paid taxes to the country, when it comes down to it, they have to protect themselves.

The country tries to prevent and hunt down bandits, but it cannot completely stop them from causing harm.

It’s common to hear about villages being assaulted and thus it is necessary to prepare in case bandits showed up.

So former soldiers took the lead and formed the village guards. They are not part time volunteers, this is an official job in the village.

Those that returned from the army often became a guard and instead of hunting or mining, they spent their time teaching the village’s adults and children how to use a sword.

Sword training was compulsory for all men and open to any women interested. Naturally, Krische also participated.

When it comes down to it, only you can protect yourself, this was obvious thinking for Krische.

Although Grace opposed at first, Gallen and Gorka hesitantly permitted it, deciding that with Krische’s appearance, it would be better for her to be able to protect herself――but now, nobody said anything about her participation in the training.

That was because they now understood that she had an extraordinary talent for swordsmanship.

The people were gathered in a ring around an old man and a silver-haired girl――Krische.

Though the sound of something cutting through the air was constantly heard, the violent sound of wood on wood was absent.

The wooden swords they wielded never touched each other, not even touching the other’s sword, leaving only the sound of wooden swords cutting through the air.

“……!”

The old man facing Krische――Zaal had spent a long time in the army, serving as an instructor until he felt his strength wane.

Having taught light infantry, where the strength of the individual was important, there is no doubt in his ability.

Though he could not match the hero Gallen, who had climbed the ranks from foot soldier to centurion, he was the next highest in rank and ability in the village.

Such a man was now frightened by the abnormality of the girl facing him.

Zaal had learnt battlefield swordsmanship.

A style where the sword was occasionally used as a shield, then pushing back with brute force and causing the opponent to lose their balance before finishing them off.

A violent art meant purely for combat.

His technique had been refined through the process of taking many lives and had their weight behind it. It had a consistency that could not be matched with only some training.

Although his strength had waned, his techniques have not――but Krische easily avoided Zaal’s attacks.

Krische’s body was small and light even for her age, so there was no need for Zaal to land a direct hit.

He just needed to strike her sword.

With Krische’s light weight, her body would be knocked back together with her sword, causing her to lose her balance.

That was more reliable than aiming for Krische’s body, which was protected by the shield formed by the reach of her blade. The swordsmanship that Zaal had learnt was focused on using this very method to throw the opponent off balance and then taking them down.

The old soldier used all his skills against the girl facing him.

――but no matter what he tried, he could not even touch her sword.

This was like when he practicing against the instructor when he was a mere trainee――hitting nothing but air. It was not frustrating, it was terrifying.

Zaal had practiced with this girl many times and knew that she was not a normal girl.

But when an experienced soldier like himself feels like a girl around twelve or thirteen of age was toying with him, fear won over admiration.

To the others, it probably looked like he was holding back.

Krische was a child, their range, the reach of their blades were different.

So naturally, there is a certain distance where Krische could not completely avoid Zaal’s attacks, creating moments at which Krische would have to block with her sword.

But at those instants, Krische would keep him in check with a perfect strike.

At the precise timing when he is about to begin the movement, she would attack in a way that forced Zaal to dodge.

Instead of blocking his strike, she negated it by attacking.

All of Zaal’s attacks that could not be avoided were negated by Krische, leaving him helpless.

To the onlookers, Krische kept swinging her sword while Zaal continued dodging.

The very picture of a trainee and instructor.

But reality was the opposite and Zaal was certain of his loss. If Krische wished to, she could put an end to the bout immediately.

Krische was swapping her sword between her hands and also changed her stance.

Her acrobatic movements was like a beautiful dance.

An irregular yet fluent infinitely changing sword, but those infinite changes always led to the shortest strike to take down Zaal.

Efficient and indifferent, as if she were playing with her opponents life on the point of her sword.

Her movements were chaotic at first glance, but this is her style of swordsmanship, one that pursued efficiency and nothing else. Zaal knew how it began and how it has evolved.

Her sword was clumsy only at the very start, once past that, even adults did not want to be her opponent. They feared losing to a girl who was not even ten at the time.

Rather than talented, she was abnormal, she was beyond what Zaal could comprehend.

And most of all, Zaal feared those inhuman purple eyes staring at him.

It was as if they saw through Zaal’s slightest movements, the slightest tension in his body, his very thoughts.

Like a frog glared at by a snake (T/N: Deer in headlights), it made him feel powerless, like he was facing an opponent he could never beat.

――This is it.

Zaal took a large step back and lowered his sword.

“……that’s it. My stamina won’t hold any longer.”

Zaal declared between rough breaths.

Krische lowered her head expressionlessly and bowed, her cheeks only slightly flushed.

Krische’s beautiful figure as she bowed was somehow alluring, attracting the surrounding gazes even more than the sword dance before did.

“Thank you very much”

“……just tell me whenever you want to spar. Got it, Krische?”

“Okay.”

Krische nodded.

To Krische, this old man is a good sparring opponent.

During the previous spar, seventeen times. Before that, twelve times.

And today, twenty three times――this was training for how many times Krische could kill Zaal in a set amount of time.

As Zaal had imagined, it was easy for her to defeat him, but she had learnt that if she embarrasses her opponent by defeating them one-sidedly, they will refuse to spar her next time.

So Krische chose Zaal to spar with, the second best at the sword in the village, and let the match drag on so that she could train herself.

Gallen was the best at the sword but usually, he was busy working as a hunter and more importantly, he did not like wielding a sword.

So Zaal was Krische’s only training partner.

Sword training could not be done without a partner.

The speed gained from practice swings is nothing but physical speed.

If the point of using the sword was speed, you just need to hold it above your head and swing it down.

But she understood that in all kinds of melee combat, it was more important to be early.

(T/N: The word used for speed and early are the same, 早さ. physically fast vs time-wise fast)

So instead of looking for the fastest method, she looked for the shortest.

No matter if the sword was swung fast or slow, the one that has their blade at the opponent’s neck first is the victor.

All that was needed is the intelligence to see the shortest path according to the opponent’s movements and enough strength to thrust the sword through that path, through the opponent’s guard.

How to find this shortest path in different scenarios――that was the question, and to answer it, an opponent is indispensable.

Zaal had noticed Krische’s intentions and fears her, but still sparred with her without complaint, making him a very important person to her.

I have to cherish him, with that thought, Krische offered Zaal the leather canteen she had prepared.

“Please have a drink.”

Zaal hesitated for a moment before nodding, thanking her as he drank.

In Krische’s mind, people are distinctly sorted into two categories.

Whether they profited her, or not.

Her parents and grandfather are key examples of people that profited her. As long as the losses do not outweigh the gains, Krische would protect them.

If she was granted something, she would return it fully.

Showing kindness like that was something natural for Krische. She had learnt through her life here that this is how society works.

It is thanks to her mother, Grace’s efforts that Krische, with her abnormal morals, could fit into the village without much problem.

Grace had simply continued to shower Krische, who was abnormal, with love.

In exchange for her genius, Krische could not understand normal things the normal way.

Never giving up on her, Grace taught Krische carefully, over and over again, until Krische understood human relationships and how society worked.

Thanks to Grace, although imperfect, Krische could appear to lead a normal life.

“Krische nee-chan, spar with me next.”

(T/N: older sis)

“All right.”

Nodding to Pell, she raised her sword.

Compared to Zaal, his movements were slow and full of openings.

To teach him the correct movements, Krische did the opposite of before――she went on the defensive.

She intentionally moved slowly and created openings, got him to strike at them and dodged.

Compared to the previous time, he has improved, but his movements were still crude.

He’s skill was not enough to be considered among the village’s fighting strength.

Watching his swordplay, Krische was reminded of the two she had killed before.

Back then, she celebrated having rooted out the source of her displeasure, but she now considered it a failure.

――It was two years ago.

They were youths about the same age as Krische.

At that time, Krische had been receiving slight harassment from them, so she completely and utterly crushed them in practice.

Having been publicly shamed by a younger girl, instead of stopping their harassment or becoming motivated, their hatred of Krische grew. They spread rumours about Krische, calling her weird, a monster, ruining her reputation.

At first, Krische did not care, but soon she grew concerned about how other’s viewed her.

As the harassment grew worse, she decided to kill them. She murdered them both by setting a boar on them at a cliff.

It was a perfect crime with no evidence, but now she realised that it was rash.

At that time, Krische saw the world more narrowly, only considering things from her point of view, but now she has learnt a little more about society.

She has learnt how the village is run and what it needs.

From that perspective, all that learnt the sword served as future defendants of the village, and that included those two.

Compared to this youth, the two of them were relatively talented. Rather than killing them, it would have been better to work a little harder to appease their hatred of her.

It was a minor regret that was easily brushed off, but at least it made her unwilling to repeat the same actions.

That is the reason why Krische patiently teaches the village’s children how to wield a sword.

Krische had learnt, reflected and taken action, so she felt that things were going well. But she did not realise that many felt differently.

Zaal, the other adults and the youths that were familiar with the situation at the time were slightly suspicious, and fearful of Krische.

Without any evidence, there was no reason at all to suspect Krische for killing them.

At most, the only reason was that the two had hated her. That’s all.

But despite that, this suspicion that Krische disposed of them――once felt, could not be erased.

Krische was too perfect to be a normal child.

Because of how Krische saw being superior as a good thing, she did not notice the suspicions that arose from it.

“Come to think of it……Galo’s not coming again today?”

“Aah……did he drink and sleep in again?”

The man that Krische had killed yesterday――Galo, would never wake again.

Krische was confident that he would never be discovered and had no interest in that conversation.

But the adults and youths that suspected her naturally looked towards her, then at each other.

They all knew that Galo had been sexually harassing Krische.

But none of them said anything in particular and the gazes quickly disappeared.

Despite their suspicion, there was no proof, and in the first place, Galo was a lazy man.

The chances were high that he was just sleeping.

And most of all, despite their suspicions of Krische, the thought that this beautiful girl could not possibly have done such things won out.

They had seen how she acted with Grace and Gorka. Her parents and the womenfolk often bragged about how she was serious and hardworking.

Hearing those stories, they all decided they were thinking too much.

Krische’s current situation was maintained by this delicate balance.

“Oooi, the peddler’s here.”

That voice came from the village square――and Krische was the first to respond.

She immediately thrust the point of the wooden sword under the chin of the youth and forcing him to freeze.

“Ueh”

“That is all for today, Pell. You have improved a lot. That is all.”

She repeated herself with a quick pet on the head of the dissatisfied youth.

Then she looked towards Zaal.

“Zaal-san. Krische is done for today, Krische will be going to the square.”

“Mm? Aah……”

“Thank you for the training.”

Right after a deep, polite bow to everyone else, Krische dashed off to the village square.

Krische was gone in an instant, leaving the men looking at each other in confusion.

Then they remembered how Krische would look at the ingrediants the peddler brought with shining eyes and denied their previous thoughts, once again burying their suspicions in the depths of their minds.



* * *



In the middle of the village square, there was a large communal well.

Many families drew water from forest streams but those that lived in the middle of the village, away from the forest, drew their daily water here.

Thus it was established that the area around should be kept clear and this created a relative open area in the unorganised village.

The exceptions to this rule was visitors from outside or when there was an important announcement.

Visits by peddlers, minstrels and performers fell under the former and the peddler that came by today had settled in a corner of the square and was spreading his wares.

In a village with little entertainment, this was their only contact with the outside world.

Visitors like this was their main source of entertainment.

A crowd had already gathered around and Krische, with her small build on top of her young age, could not peek in no matter how much she tiptoed.

Pouting, she sat on a nearby barrel and sharpened her ears.

Although there were slight differences due to weather, peddlers visited at a set interval.

For this village in particular, there were two peddlers that would visit once a week.

They had come by two days ago, so this should be a different trader than the usual one, and she was right.

The intonation of the peddler’s words were slightly different.

The reaction of the villagers were also different.

Since the usual peddler mainly brought the same goods, Krische looked forward to this kind of unexpected visitor.

There was usually something novel in the things they brought.

Krische swung her feet, kicking at the the barrel, waiting for the crowd to disappear.

Her mind was full of expectations for new ingredients and as is often the case, she lost her objectivity when food is involved, failing to notice her poor manner.

“Fufu, come on. Don’t swing your feet like that, Krische.”

Just as Krische turned in response to the familiar voice, Grace poked Krische’s slightly puffed cheeks with a laugh.

Puhyuu, the air escaped with a sound and the women behind Grace joined in the laughter.

It was then that Krische finally noticed her actions and blushed.

“Come on, no need to sulk just because you can’t get in. It ruins your cute face.”

“Kaa-sama. Er……hello aunties……”

Hopping off the barrel, Krische lowered her head towards Grace and the other women, still embarrassed.

Their laughter redoubled as they came closer to Krische and took turns patting her head.

“Ahaha, Krische’s so cute. You always look so impatient whenever the peddler comes.”

“Yeah. Come on little glutton, tell us your secret for staying so thin.”

The women laughed, knowing what Krische was here for, making Krische blush even harder.

The women here are Grace’s friends and know how hardworking Krische was.

In their opinion, Krische is a kind, obedient and caring girl.

Even though she is at the age where she should want to play, Krische voluntarily helped them with their work. She was beautiful, caring, hardworking, a charming girl that was everything they could ask for.

To them, her desire for food was not a flaw, it was the childish part of an otherwise perfect child, yet another charm point.

And she even grew to enjoy cooking because of that, many of them wanted her to marry into their families.

From Krische’s point of view, she voluntarily helped the womenfolk because of the valuable sweets they would give her as reward.

Krische’s popularity among the women was high, but they failed to realise that the reality was similar to an owner rewarding a dog with treats.

Among the womenfolk, the rumours of Krische’s abnormality was laughed off, treated as nonsense by stupid men who were attracted by Krische’s beauty.

For better or worse, the womenfolk’s misunderstanding was the reason Krische’s abnormality is not openly discussed and although Krische was not aware, the women have done a lot to protect her.

“Okay then, I’ll bring you along.”

“Eh? Wah……”

The sturdiest among them, Galla lifted Krische onto her shoulders and pushed through the crowd towards the peddler.

“Look here, the most beautiful woman and girl in the village passing through. Make way make way.”

Her powerful voice split the crowd and Galla easily made it to the peddler with Krische on her shoulder.

The laid out wares and the men came into sight and Krische felt something was off for an instant.

“Oh my oh my……not bad.”

The owner and assistant looked friendly.

The four tough-looking men were probably guards.

They were unfamiliar faces but there was a familiar smell.

The smell of blood.

Without showing any sign of it in her expression, Krische absentmindedly thought about what it meant.

――Animal or human?

There is no characteristic animal smell. Probably human. From yesterday.

――Why is there the smell?

Because they killed people.

――Were they attacked by bandits?

But nobody is injured.

In fact, these men were the killers.

Krische stared at the assortment of wares.

The carriage is completely different and most of the wares are unfamiliar, but the trunk and pumpkins covered with a cloth are definitely the ones from the day before.

The positions of the scars are exactly the same.

These men killed the peddlers from the day before.

That was the natural conclusion.

The main form of trade in the village is bartering.

Since peddlers usually sold wholesale, only the village head, artisans and shop keepers had the money for that, other villagers only had small change.

‘They left yesterday? That was unlucky.‘

Krische had heard those words when she had been listening from on top of the barrel just now.

The wares laid out were only small accessories, clean fruits and vegetables, things the villagers could buy with their small change. There were also some made of precious metals but not many were affordable.

The mountain of foodstuff on the carriage is probably just a show for the villagers.

As Krische was being lowered to the ground, she observed the men.

They were all smiling, but Krische noticed a glint in their eyes as they looked at her.

“Little fairy lady, anything catch your eye?”

“Oh my, how about me? Am I naiad?”

Laughter spread and the men smiled dryly.

Krische did not care about their gazes. She was used to being looked at that way.

While wondering what their objective was, she decided to prioritise what she wanted and spoke.

“Can I take a look at the pumpkins?”

“Pumpkins? Ah……”

The assistant removed the cloth, revealing the small mound of pumpkins.

Although she got by with rabbit soup for dinner yesterday, Krische was in the mood for pumpkin.

Picking out a solid pumpkin packed with seeds, she smiled in satisfaction and asked for the price. The price the peddler presented was quite cheap.

“Really?”

“Yeah. You must be quite a good girl to ask for a pumpkin. Have this too, it’s service.”

Saying that, the man opened a cloth bag and showed Krische the contents.

Inside were small light brown spheres.

“Try one.”

Krische hesitated a little, then decided they were probably not poisoned.

With that thought, she picked one out and threw it into her mouth.

“……sweet.”

“It’s candy. Is it the first time you’ve had one?”

It was a sweet candy with a slightly sour taste.

Krische nodded as she rolled the candy around on her tongue, then lowered her head to thank the man.

The sweetness in her mouth was new to Krische and she no longer cared if they had killed the peddlers.

To Krische, the peddlers were just a system.

She saw them every time they came, so she remembered them.

But she was not interested in their death.

“Oh my……sorry about that. Thank you.”

At some point, Grace had caught up and also lowered her head in thanks, resting a hand on Krische’s head.

As her title as most beautiful in the village suggests, Grace was attractive――Krische could feel the men’s gazes gather on Grace as she enjoyed the blissful feeling on her head.

“Ah, ma’am, another beauty. Is there anything you would like? I’ll give you a discount.”

“Oh my, that’s nice of you. Krische, is there anything else you want?”

Thinking a little, Krische shook her head at the question.

Krische always got the bare minimum, never spending excessively.

They had a stock of vegetables and there was nothing else in particular that she wanted.

At most, she wanted another pumpkin, but she refrained from that excess.

“Krische just wanted to have pumpkin soup today.”

“Fufu, I see. Err, let’s see……mm, nothing comes to mind right now, do you mind if I come back tomorrow morning?”

“Of course, no problem. I can never refuse the request of a beautiful woman.”

“You flatter me. Come, Krische, let’s go.”

Hugging the pumpkin, Krische nodded as she sucked on the candy.

Seeing her like this, Grace let out a small laugh and took the pumpkin, tucking it under her arm before joining hands with Krische.

Grace’s hand was warm.

Krische smiled a little and followed Grace out of the square.

“If you can’t refuse the request of beautiful women then you’ll listen to mine too right?”

The sturdily-built woman confidently declared that and the other women started to chime in too.

As she listened to their voices, Krische thoughts focused on how to cook the pumpkin.



* * *



Although there was plenty of rock salt, sugar is a valuable commodity in the village.

There are fruits and cookies with nuts, but there still aren’t many sweet foods.

The sweetness of pumpkins was unique in this area and being able to make something different from the usual salt-based soups made pumpkins an extremely attractive ingredient for Krische.

Krische gently and carefully stewed the cut pumpkin so that it did not lose its shape while she kneaded flour with butter, to which she added pumpkin paste, making batter for a pie.

She then borrowed a neighbour’s oven to bake the pie and as she stared at it while waiting, Krische subconsciously started humming.

“Fufu, you’re in an extra good mood today. That’s quite a treat you’re making.”

“Yes. Krische missed the chance to buy pumpkin two days ago and really wanted to eat pumpkin. ……ehehe, thank you for the oven.”

“Ahaha, you can come borrow it anytime. It’s nothing in exchange for getting to eat Krische’s cooking.”

Galla laughed cheerfully.

Left a widow and losing her child in an accident, Krische was her only comfort.

Not knowing that Krische had taken the life of her beloved child, Galla showered the love meant for her son on Krische.

Krische, despite taking away Galla’s happiness in life, accepted Galla’s love with a smile.

Krische felt no guilt.

This extremely twisted relationship did not disturb Krische at all.

“……I wish I could have let him taste this, even just a bite. I’m so sorry, Krische. That stupid son of mine went off without apologising.”

For an instant, Krische wondered who Galla was talking about, then remembered the two boys.

Which one was the son, Krische wondered.

Krische generally did not forget things, but she did not care to remember things she had no interest in so she took a while to recall them.

Interpreting Krische’s silence wrongly, Galla’s smiled wryly and apologised.

“……I get more sentimental the older I get. Forgive me.”

“Not Galla’s fault. Krische does not mind……are you okay?”

“Yeah……Krische’s here for me after all.”

Krische really did not mind, she did not care.

There was slight regret but the feeling of relief was greater.

Krische had wanted to use an oven for cooking and the only neighbour who had one was Galla, whom Krische had known since young.

Galla was known for her sturdy build and strong will, but her grief when Krische had killed her child was so great that there was talk that she might commit suicide.

Of course, Krische was not particularly concerned about that.

To Krische, she simply killed an unpleasant child. It was justified and she felt no guilt.

But during that period time, she had been absorbed in cooking using an oven, so she spent days comforting Galla as she used the oven――to the bystander, it looked like a diligent girl checking up on Galla everyday.

The story of Krische and Galla was a moving tale in the village.

Galla believed most in that story, having experienced it herself. So she doted on Krische, the one who had killed her beloved son.

There was no one to point out how twisted the situation was.

Krische, the heroine of the story, did not care, she just innocently visited Galla.

“Would oba-san like to eat at Krische’s house too?” (T/N: Auntie)

“I would love to……but won’t that cause trouble for Grace?”

“Kaa-sama said to invited oba-san. Krische is also happier if everyone eats it while warm.”

Krische wanted to hear Galla’s impressions and the night was cold.

In the time between cutting the pie and hearing Galla’s opinion, the pie would grow cold, so it was more convenient for Krische for everyone to eat together.

Krische’s invitation was entirely selfish, but since her words were roundabout, Galla interpreted them positively.

“……Krische, you’re really such a good girl. In that case I guess I’ll join you for dinner.”

“Okay, this is also thanks for carrying me.”

“Haha, I’ll have to give you a ride every time the peddler comes then.”

Krische smiled as she waited for the pie to bake.

Galla watched over Krische warmly.

The village was filled with twisted pretenses centered around Krische



* * *



Galla removed the pie from the oven and transferred it to a plate, treating it like a treasure. She then covered it with a cloth to keep it from going cold as she brought it over.

Krische’s parents and grandfather were already assembled in the house and warmly welcomed the two of them.

The sun had already set and the veil of night had descended outside, but the flames warming the bubbling pot brightly lit the earthen walls around them.

“Kaa-sama, the fire is too strong……”

“Sor, sorry……I’m not good at controlling it.”

Krische was proud of her pumpkin soup.

It just needed to be warmed a little before eating, but Grace was clumsy.

The soup bubbled as it continued boiling while Grace attempted to adjust the flames.

Krische watched Grace uneasily while cutting the pie before finally putting down the knife and held a hand out for the fire tongs.

“E, er……Kaa-sama, Krische will do that, so can you cut the pie?”

“Okay……”

The other three laughed at Grace’s weak voice――

“……?”

――Bandits! Bandits are coming!

The scream echoed into the night.

“……!”

The first to react was Gallen.

Knocking the pot over, he extinguished the brilliant flames that had been illuminating the room.

Next Gorka picked up the short sword and bow leaning against the wall.

Their expressions were serious――

“E, eh……Krishe’s soup……”

Bashun, Juuu.

Seeing her long-awaited pumpkin soup used to extinguish the fire, Krische froze.

Krische stared at what was once her pumpkin soup, stunned, the bliss that had awaited her was ruined.

“Grace, Galla. Y’all hide……got it?”

Gallen’s low voice did not allow any rebuttal.

“Leave Grace and Krische-chan to me, Gallen.”

“Otou-san……”

Galla replied to Gallen as she hugged the frozen Krische closer.

Grace responded a moment later and called out to her father in a trembling voice as she also embraced Krische.

“I’ll take a look around as I get my weapon. Gorka, take care of them.”

“Ah, got it……be careful. I don’t want to have to see Grace and Krische cry.”

“I know. I may be old, but I’ve survived the battlefield. I’m not that weak.”

Gallen approached the sliding door without a sound and slowly opened it.

After checking the surroundings, he silently slid out into the night.

Gorka quickly approached the door and looked outside through the gap.

“Pumpkin……Krische’s soup, went, bashan……”

“It, it’s okay Krische-chan……there’s still half a pumpkin, oba-san will buy you more pumpkins the next time the peddler comes. The oven is also effectively Krische-chan’s.”

Speaking quickly, Galla tried maintain a calming tone for Krische.

Having looked forward to it so much, Krische’s shock was proportionally large and she had yet to recover from it.

Seeing Krische still staring at what was once her soup, Galla concluded that Krische was still confused by the situation and continued stroking her head to comfort her.

“Ye, yes that’s right, again……just make it again……make it again.”

Still stunned, Krische tried to turn away from the shock by focusing on the comfortable feeling on her head.



“Grace, is the store full?”

“Eh? Ah……it’s not, that full, Krische?”

Pumpkin, Krische’s pumpkin――

The image of the soup being knocked over looped again and again in Krische’s mind.

Krische tried desperately to turn her eyes away from that image and focused on Galla’s question.

“Er, er……yes. But, not empty enough for everyone to hide in.”

In place of her mother who was too confused to understand the meaning behind Galla’s words, Krische gave an accurate answer.

“Gorka, if it comes to it, I am your wife. Grace and Krische-chan are too pretty. You’d never know what’ll happen to them if they’re captured.”

“Galla, what’re you――”

“Listen. I owe a debt that I can never repay to both you and Krische-chan. And unlike you, I have nothing to lose. Do you understand?”

“……!”

Silence descended for a moment, then Gorka nodded.

“Thanks Galla, sorry……”

“It’s fine, Gorka…… Grace, go below with Krische.”

“……okay.”

Galla urged Grace and Krische downstairs.

Not a bad plan if they act well.

With that absentminded thought, Krische grabbed two kitchen knives. She preferred not to be empty handed.

“……Krische-chan. That’s a good mindset, but don’t think of doing anything stupid. No matter what happens to us, do not open the door until we say so. That is a last resort, okay?”

“……yes. Oba-san too, please be careful. Krische still wants to use the oven……”

“Fufu, you’re still brave enough to joke in this situation. Oba-san’s relieved by that.”

Krische meant it literally, but Galla laughed, taking it as a joke.

Galla pushed the two of them into the food store constructed below the house, shut the door and hid it with a rug.

“Krische, everything will be fine, everything will be okay……”

While listening to Grace’s trembling voice, Krische sharpened her ears.

Underground, she could clearly hear the sound of hooves.

The horses were far.

Based on the direction, they should be from the village square.

They don’t seem to be coming close to the forest, close to this house.

After a while, Gallen returned.

There was a quick discussion and it was decided that if the bandits came, it was better for Gallen to hide in the forest and flank them rather then wait in the house, so Gallen quickly left again.

Since Grace’s trembling was becoming an annoyance, Krische tried to comfort her, telling her that the horses were far.

Krische waited for time to pass.

An hour, two hours, time passed, Krische endured her hunger.

The pumpkin that should be in Krische’s stomach is gone.

Bashun, juuu, used to extinguish the fire.

What did Krische’s pumpkin ever do?

At a certain point, sleepiness overcame hunger.

Stifling her yawns, Krische snuggled into Grace’s chest, biting on her lips.

Perhaps because of the narrow space and Grace’s tight embrace, it was a very warm and comfortable environment.

The conditions were perfect for sleeping, but the situation did not allow for that.

Logic fought against pumpkins and sleepiness for hours.

All clear, it was a long while later that they heard that voice.

A villager finally came and told them the bandits had retreated.

Galla removed the things that she had stacked on top the door and opened it, pulling Krische and Grace into her arms, tears streaming down her face.

Krische finally gave up on fighting sleepiness, escaping from her hunger by diving deep into sleep.

-End-



* * *



No Krische is not unstable. She just thinks differently. She fights pumpkins while others fights bandits.





U.E. C.4: Collapse


Breakfast was cold pumpkin pie.

The pie had been perfect, but it hardened as it cooled and was tough to chew.

Grace and Galla comforted Krische as she ate in low spirits.

Gorka and Gallen were absent, as was the usual bustle of the village.

――The bandits had been driven away.

But only driven away. They were not exterminated, nor was their leader killed.

Which means a second night attack could be expected and the village was on high alert.

Krische had to tearfully give up on her daily bath at the river and settle for wiping herself down with a bucket of water. She then headed to the village square with the bucket to draw more water for drinking.

She would usually draw water from the river on her way to bathe, but with the river out of bounds, the closest well was in the square.

The men were gathered in the village square.

It seems like they are discussing the village’s defense.

The peddler and his four guards were present, but the assistant was nowhere to be seen.

Catching sight of Krische, the peddler stepped away from the serious conversation and approached her with a smile.

“It’s good to see you safe.”

“……good morning. Are you leaving today?”

“Haha, you’ve gotta be joking. There’s no way we can leave with bandits around……you live closer to the forest?”

Krische did not answer.

Krische was insensitive to malice, but even she knew that this man was with the bandits.

Krische would love to torture and kill him for ruining her pumpkin soup, but there are other people around.

Even if she could lure him away, he had allies in the forest.

She had felt gazes from the woods many times, so there was a high chance she would be interrupted and it would be troublesome if they made a racket.

Even if killing them was easy, it would take some time to kill multiple people and if she openly committed murder, her reputation would be affected.

Krische reluctantly gave up on that and opened her mouth to reply.

“Even though Krische made pumpkin soup and pie with the pumpkin, Krische did not get to eat them thanks to that.”

(T/N: phrasing is vague, also can mean ‘thanks to you’)

“Even though bandits came, that’s your concern? You’re quite a brave ojou-san.”

The peddler laughed cheerfully as he handed Krische a small pouch.

“That must’ve been a shame……have this instead.”

Inside was the candy from yesterday.

Krische had said that with the faint hope that he would give her something in return and her plan had succeeded.

Having covered some of her losses, Krische was celebrating internally.

“Really?”

Grace had taught her to refrain once when receiving something from others.

When Krische showed refrain while still intending to receive it, the peddler laughed and nodded.

“Yeah, of course.”

Krische weighed the gain of the candy against the lost pumpkin, but the loss of the pumpkin was slightly greater.

The soup and pie were her masterpieces.

Ruining them was a heavy crime――but this candy is also not bad.

I’ll kill you painlessly then, changing her mind, Krische looked around.

Gorka and Gallen were at the center of the discussion along with Zaal, so it did not look like Krische could go talk to them.

“……but still, there’re so little men? I’ve heard that it’ll take some time for the salt miners to come back…… I guess we’ll have to get by tonight ourselves.”

“Peddler-san will be fighting too?”

“I can only defend myself……but my four guards over there are more reliable. You can rest assured, they’re quite competent.”

The four guards were also a major party in the discussion.

Aside from the former solders, the men in the village were simple hunters and artisans.

It seemed like those mercenaries were relied upon for their battle experience.

So that’s how it all ties up.

“Your assistant, does not seem to be present……did he, er.”

“Aaah……he ran off in the confusion last night. I just hope he somehow survived.”

That assistant is the messenger. He probably went to explain to the others the structure and layout of the village.

The guards take part in the planning and influence the village’s defense.

From what Krishce could see, they acted well, the villagers completely believed them.

The villagers seemed to trust the four experienced men that had conveniently showed up.

They’ll want to steal everything and be gone before the miners are back. So tonight will be the real attack, Krische thought absentmindedly.

So even if she made pumpkin soup again tonight, there is a chance it will be wasted again.

――Even though Krische really wants to eat pumpkin.

Dissatisfaction and unhappiness broiled in her heart.

“Ah, sorry. You were on an errand? Lend that to me, I’ll help you draw water.”

Watching the man take the bucket and turn the pulley on the well, Krische thought about what to do.



* * *



There was also the chance of a day raid, so Krische could not use her precious remaining pumpkin.

Krische reluctantly decided to keep the pumpkin for later and make the usual salted meat and potato soup. She carefully placed the pumpkin on a shelf.

Gallen and Gorka had come back for lunch. She ate bread with the soup and listened to them talk.

Seventeen people had been killed. Two girls have been abducted.

In contrast, they had only killed three bandits.

In this village of roughly three hundred, half the men that could fight were off mining. That left sixty at most that could fight, including the women and children that were brave enough.

At least twenty bandits had been sighted in the raid last night.

Based on eyewitnesses, they didn’t take much and ran away in a panic when their comrades were killed.

Zaal considered it to be a probing raid and had said that there should be around forty bandits.

The peddler’s guards had said that it would be bad to split up and be taken down separately, to which Zaal had nodded and the others had agreed.

As a result, they decided to gather the women and children in a warehouse at the center of the village and the men would form a defensive perimeter around that.

The hunters honed their archery daily and are skilled.

If hunters joined the army, they would be immediately welcomed as archers. It was common to hear of hunters becoming an archery instructor less than a month after joining the army. So with the proper mental preparation, the hunters with their bows should be enough to deal with the bandits.

It made sense to fight a defensive battle where their skills could be utilised.

But that is probably the bandits’ plan, thought Krische.

They gathered the women, who could be sold off, in the warehouse. This way the bandits could collect them all at once and ensured none slipped away.

The four men and the peddler would join the bandits at the best timing to create confusion among the villagers.

The bandits would definitely have the advantage against a confused group of amateurs.

Satisfied with her meal, Krische took a sip of warm water and sighed.

Once they were done talking, Krische looked Gorka in the eye and spoke.

“Tou-sama.”

“What’s wrong, Krische?”

“Krische thinks the peddler-san and his guards cannot be trusted.”

Everyone froze.

Gallen and Gorka seemed to be thinking while Galla and Grace stared at Krische in surprise.

“Krische-chan, did they do something to you……?”

“No. Just that……”

Krische told them about the pumpkins.

She had not care about it before, but now it was even more suspicious.

Krische told them about how they might have killed the usual peddlers and pretended to be peddlers to infiltrate the village.

Even if Krische, a child, shared this at the meeting, her opinion would not be taken into consideration.

Krische did not believe the men liked her enough to just believe her and there was also the chance of the discussion becoming chaotic.

Having considered that, Krische decided to only tell the two who were more likely to listen to her.

When Krische was done speaking, Gorka’s eyes were serious.

“Krische. Are you sure you saw the same things?”

“Yes. Unless by some coincidence they had the exact same pumpkins. But it is weird for bad people to also coincidentally show up at the same time.”

“……I, see.”

Gallen and Gorka looked at each other.

Things were working out too well.

Gallen had felt suspicious and told a few that he trusted, including Gorka, of his suspicions.

The weight behind Krische’s story strengthened their suspicions.

“We had also felt that things were going too well. Thank you Krische.”

“……it is nothing. What do we do?”

“Tell those that can be trusted and monitor the peddler. Either way, it’s a good idea to gather you all in one place……it’ll be fine, we’ll protect you no matter what. Trust us.”

“Okay, Ojii-sama”

Krische nodded, then looked at the pumpkin on the shelf.

As she imagined its taste, it was as if she could see the pumpkin shining.

She wished things would end quickly so that she could eat the pie and soup she had missed out on yesterday.

That was the only thought in Krische’s mind.

“Yesterday, Krische did not get to drink the pumpkin soup. The pie also grew cold……when everything is over, can I make them again?”

“Aah, of course. I guess we can’t die then, Gorka.”

“Yeah…..Galla, can I leave Krische and Grace to you?”

“Of course, I’ll take care of ’em”

Saying that, she patted Krische.

“Will you invite Oba-san too?”

“Yes, Krische also wants to hear Oba-san’s impressions. Can Krische borrow the oven again?”

“Of course……why’re you crying, Grace.”

“I, I’m, sorry…..it’s just.”

Grace wiped at her eyes, then embraced Krische.

She was warm and soft. Hugging Grace always felt nice.

“……when it’s over……let’s all, eat together.”

“Yes, Kaa-sama.”

Gorka joined in, embracing Krische and Grace together.

Mugyu, squashed between them, Krische moaned, making Gorka laugh.

“Relax. We’ll definitely protect you.”

He declared that with confidence.



* * *



Being gathered in the warehouse was not as boring as expected.

There were only women and children.

And Krische’s popularity among them meant she was far from bored, in fact she was very busy.

“Here, please share among yourselves.”

Krische was cutting the fruits in the warehouse and distributing it to the children.

There was a lot of food in the warehouse.

Meat was stored in a different place, but crops and long-lasting fruits were stored here.

Once inside, Krische was immediately thinking about how she could eat the fruits.

They would probably let her eat if she asked.

But Krische’s sense of aesthetics got in the way and did not allow her to do so.

As she was thinking about how to eat them, the children started complaining about being shut in――that gave Krische the inspiration for a justification to eat the fruit.

Krische presented her suggestion and gained the agreement of the women, thus it was decided to give the children the fruits, which were relatively easy to restock.

So many fruits for her to choose from.

Although Krische quickly grew hungry, her stomach was not that large.

Concerned that she would be too full to eat them all, Krische thought some more. And the result of another flash of inspiration was to take the initiative to slice and distribute the fruits.

“Stop, no snatching. Line up. No fruits for bad children that break the rules.”

Yes, this is the natural flow of events, thought Krische as she quickly began peeling, slicing and distributing fruit.

The plan was to sneakily eat part of the fruits she cut, but there was something she did not account for.

The flock of hungry children.

Her peeling could not keep up with their rate of consumption.

“Nee-chan, I’ve only gotten one.”

“Gida you already ate two! Krische Onee-chan, next is my turn!”

“Er, er……please wait a moment.”

The children held no prejudice against Krische, she was just a beautiful onee-san they looked up to. (T/N: older sider) So naturally, they preferred to receive the fruits from her.

Krische peeled as fast as she could but her plan had failed, no fruits entered her mouth.

Krische’s stomach had been expecting fruit and protested its hunger.

“Fufu, you’re so popular. Here, Krische-chan, aahn.”

“Ah……ehehe.”

The surrounding women smiled wryly and fed Krische the fruit that they had sliced.

Because of Galla and Grace, it was well-known that Krische was surprisingly gluttonous.

Krische’s ‘perfect excuses’ were useless on them. They laughed softly among themselves as they fed Krische.

Unaware of that and her own desires provided for, Krische was in a good mood. She happily worked as a peeling machine.

Seeing Krische act as normal, the dark expressions on the women’s faces became smiles and they started to gossip.

Though Krische did not realise it, she was their pillar of support and the topics centered around her.

“Krische-chan, is there anyone you like? Anyone at all?”

They occasionally asked her things like this and Krische patiently answered.

Krische had much to gain from maintaining their goodwill.

It was also because their expectation was palpable and she had no choice but to answer.

“Like……”

Tilting her head, Krische thought about it.

What does ‘like’ mean? This was quite a difficult problem for Krische.

Krische’s thinking is built upon an almost business-like feeling, focused on gains and losses.

People who create gains are more ‘likable’ than those who cause losses.

People ‘like’ those who are willing to work for other’s gains. Conversely, people ‘dislike’ those who only receive those gains without working.

That is Krische’s perception of ‘like’ and ‘dislike’. With Krische’s view on things, this type of question was too vague for her to understand.

“Err, I like you all.”

“Ah, that’s not what I meant……guys, I’m talking about guys.”

“Guys……ah, Krische likes Tou-sama and Ojii-sama a lot.”

The woman that asked gave up, putting a hand to her head as the surroundings exploded in laughter.

Grace embraced Krische, looking slightly embarassed.

“Stop it, please don’t tease her. Krische is still too young for that kind of thing……”

“Weren’t you stuck Gorka like glue at Krische’s age?”

“N, no teasing me either!”

Was that answer satisfactory? Krische tilted her head, watching the women laugh, then returned to peeling fruit.

Inserting a slice of fruit into Krische’s mouth, Galla laughed cheerfully.

“What type of person will Krische’s husband be? I just might beat him up if it’s some asshole that tries to monopolise Krische-chan.”

Laughter arose again. Krische ignored it, chewing on the apple fed to her.

The sweet and sour taste spread through her mouth, creating a moment of bliss for Krische.

Krische passed the time like this, waiting for the bandits to come――and the attack finally came a while after sunset.

A sliver of moon hung in the night sky. Bonfires had been set up all over the village.

The bandits could use those to set fire to the houses, but they needed to be able to see to use their bows.

Even among expert archers, not many can take down targets moving around in the dark.

Zaal took command of the center.

Gorka and Gallen were leaders of their respective archer squads, camped out on roofs.

As the warning bell rang, Gorka glanced towards the warehouse where Krische and Grace hid and shut his eyes for a moment, clenching his fist.

Then he looked to his side.

“Zalba, ready?”

“Of course.”

On the roof was Gorka’s most trusted friend, Zalba, and another covering their rear.

“Gado! How about you?”

“Who do you think you’re talking to, Gorka. Do you really think I’d mess up?”

“Nope. I’m well aware of your skill. Take care of our backs.”

“Aah.”

Gado got in position. He was a thug with bad drinking habits, but he was skilled.

“If things go well, I’ll treat you to a beer next time.”

“Hah. That’s a rare offer from you. How bout letting me fondle Grace’s breasts instead, depending on how things go?”

“Don’t be ridiculous. It doesn’t sound like a joke coming from you.”

Gorka continued with a dry smile.

“I don’t think there’s that many of them, but if they come around to your side, give us a call.”

“Aah. Worry about yourself. The bell’s already ringing.”

“I know.”

Gorka answered as he focused ahead.

They had less archers than Gallen’s squad, but they had the skill to make up for it.

There were more men on the ground armed with swords on this side, their fighting strength was evenly distributed.

No problem, Gorka thought as he raised his bow.

As expected, there were more than forty bandits, but Gorka continued giving instructions to those on other roofs.

Including his own contributions, they had already taken down around ten bandits.

Everyone stationed here were expert hunters.

They usually dealt with fleeing animals, so once they got past their reluctance to aim at humans――the reluctance to kill, shooting humans was not that difficult.

Fortunately, they did not have to experience the sensation of piercing through flesh. They were also doing this protect the village and their families, by focusing on those feelings, they could suppress their qualms.

Thinking of those that had to face the bandits with a sword, they could not hesitate because of fear.

Their acquaintances and friends were risking their lives on the ground.

It was because of this village community that a group of amateurs could act in concert.

As Gorka continued shouting, tension caused his mouth to dry and his words to catch in his throat.

Under the stress of shooting at humans instead of animals, Gorka maintained good overall command.

That was when Zalba called to him.

“……Gorka, it’s weird.”

The mercenaries and peddler had split into groups of two and three.

The group of three with the peddler was in charge of a section in this area southeast of the warehouse.

Although there are many casualties from other sections, they were the only group that did not experience much combat.

Although they exchanged blows, the bandits would run away.

“They’re definitely guilty……let’s go.”

The situation was favourable, but the tables would turn if those men turned traitor.

While he agreed with Zalba, Gorka was still hesitant.

They could shoot at bandits.

But if they were not――

Gorka’s hesitation lasted an instant.

Recalled what Krische had said, he resolved himself.

“……got it. Zalba, you take the mercenary on the left.”

“What about you?”

“I’ll aim for the fake peddler. If they’re with the bandits, he’s probably the leader.”

“Roger”

“Don’t miss”

“Aah, this is easier than shooting dee――u,gu!?”

“……!?”

Gorka turned toward’s Zalba’s strangled voice.

There was a sword sticking out of Zalba’s chest.

What hap――, before Gorka could finish the thought, something cold entered his chest.

“Ga, do……wh, y……?”

“Oh? You can still talk? Hehe……”

Gado had slammed into Gorka, piercing him with a short sword.

“They offered me a deal. Well, I’ve been growing sick of life in this miserable village……so it was great timing.”

“Ga, do……”

“Relax, I don’t need the beer, but I’ll take good care of your Grace. There isn’t such a tempting woman even in the town……even the creepy brat is a rare beauty in appearance alone, she’ll sell for a lot.”

“――ah!?”

With a strangled sound, Gorka swung his fist in hatred. But Gado twisted the blade as if butchering an animal, ending Gorka’s life.

Then Gado used a stone to signal the peddler――the leader of the bandits.



* * *



“……that’s weird.”

After a while, Gallen caught sight of the chaos at the southeast side that Gorka guarded.

Did Gorka mess up? But that was hard to believe.

Gallen had a good understanding of Gorka’s abilities.

Otherwise he would not have let Gorka wed his precious daughter.

Gorka is the man that Gallen had entrusted his daughter to.

Even with that Gorka there, something unusual had occurred.

Or perhaps something had happened that even Gorka could not deal with.

Gallen’s instincts from the battlefield reacted.

Gallen suddenly twisted around towards the presence behind him.

Gallen’s fist slammed into the gut of the traitor in a practiced motion before the man could do anything with his sword.

Gallen had narrowly avoided death many times, climbing to the rank of centurion.

His body may be old but he has not forgotten the tension of the battlefield.

The man collapsed with a croak.

So that’s it, Gallen bit his lip.

――Which means they’re definitely guilty.

Gallen had not been able to decide if the mercenaries were ally or foe, but he coldly made a decision in that instant.

There was no time for talk. Gallen stabbed the short sword into the back of the man.

He was a resident of the village and Gallen had drunk with him many times.

But Gallen has spent a long time in the hell of the battlefield.

With the ruthlessness he learnt back then, he twisted the short sword, turning the man into a corpse, then adjusted his grip on his bow.

Nocking an arrow, he drew the string back. then released with no hesitation.

As the arrow sunk into the mercenary’s back, he leapt down from the roof, drawing the sword at his waist.

His old body grated with the impact, but he ignored it.

The mercenary collapsed in pain――the other still staring at his ally in confusion.

Targeting the standing man, Gallen narrowed his eyes and closed the distance before the man could recover from his confusion.

Gallen’s violent sword of the battlefield swung into the man’s shoulder.

He easily cut through the bandit’s shoulder, through bone, turning him into a corpse.

Then he stabbed the other collapsed man in the heart, finishing him off.

Gallen’s expression was a mix of burning rage and cold ruthlessness.

The men on the surrounding roofs looked at Gallen in surprise.

“The peddlers are with the bandits!! There are traitors among the villagers! Gorka’s side’s in a mess, you all stay here. I’m going over! Aran, Dick, follow me!”

The two man he called jumped down and followed him.

There shouldn’t be many traitors.

But rather than fighting with uncertain elements, it was better to go with only those he trusted.

Their lacked numbers, but this is the best method.

Nodding to the two of them who understood the situation, Gallen sprinted off.

But a group that pushed through the collapsed southeast defence arrived at the warehouse before Gallen.

The villagers only had some training in the sword.

Aside from those with combat experience, most were simple villagers with some training.

Once they lost command, they collapsed into unruly mob.

“……Gorka’s gone?”

“Yeah. Gorka is dead.”

Zaal received a shock at the news of Gorka’s death. He had command of the center and now had to figure out how to rebuild the defense. He racked his mind, the only part of his old body that had not weakened with age.

――The only choice is to shorten the defensive line.

In order to maintain the morale of villagers who were not used to combat or killing, they needed to group up.

He drew in a deep breath to call for the men to gather,

“So old man, you should give up and go to sleep too.”

But only air leaked out of his mouth.

One of the man that had escaped from the southeast――the peddler revealed his true colours, a malicious smile on his face.

The men around could not understand what had happened for an instant.

A man they had thought was an ally, had stabbed their leader in the side with a knife.

Zaal collapsed to his knees.

The men around were quickly cut down or stabbed to death by the mercenaries and traitors.

The men that had finally escaped from the confusion in the southeast saw the scene and screamed, knowing they had nowhere to run.

With no leader, the men were killed one by one, staining the area with blood.

“Alriiight, that’s it. Their right side is still alive, so be alert.”

“Hehe, boss, is it time for some fun……?”

“The earliest the miners will come back is tomorrow at sundown. Once things settle down, we can have fun tonight……oi, open it.”

The peddler――the bandits’ boss gave the order to the men with hammers.

Even if the inside was barricaded, it was just a matter of time.

It was just a normal warehouse.

The door may be built sturdy but it was just a warehouse door.

Each time the hammer was swung, a new hole was made in the door――accompanied by screams of the women and children.

With one final swing, the door finally crumbled and a few women burst out.

They panicked and tried to flee, but were all caught and killed to set an example. Some were stabbed with a sword while others had their skull crushed with a hammer.

――Screams rang through the night.

“Obey us, we won’t kill you if you listen to us, okay? But if you defy us――”

“Hii, Gyaaaa…….!?”

The leader sliced off a finger of a captured woman with his sword.

The others left in the warehouse covered their ears, clenching their eyes shut.

“You’ll be punished and killed for your defiance.”

The man’s lips curled into an animalistic smile.

“Come out slowly. No strange movements.”

A few children could not endure the terror and tried to run, only to be killed.

They were ruthless.

Women or children, anyone that disobeyed orders were killed mercilessly.

They had no choice.

The people left in the warehouse moved out into the square, gathering around the well, their arms around each other.

Finding a particular girl among them, the leader called out to her with a grin.

“Oooh, there’s she is. Jou-chan, come ‘ere.”

Despite the tragedy around her, the silver-haired girl was expressionless.

Her eyes simply observed her surroundings as she slowly turned towards the man.





U.E. C.5: Her Miscalculation


“……Kaa-sama?

Krische said as she felt the warmth around her as she woke.

Krische always slept hugging Grace.

That was why she mistook the warmth for Grace and took a while to realise it was Galla.

There were traces of tears around Galla’s eyes. She looked exhausted and was deep asleep.

Looking around, Krische realised this was not her house.

Finding herself in Galla’s house, Krische looked around for her mother.

――Oh yeah.

And finally remembered what had happened yesterday



* * *



Screams and crazed laughter echoed through the village.

The women and children were gathered next to the large well in the middle of the village square.

They were surrounded by armed men with hideous smiles.

The bandits were probably former soldiers, the gauntlets and breastplates many of them wore were from the army.

Corpses were scattered around the square.

Some had their guts spilling out, some had their skulls shattered, some had their arms dismembered.

The husbands, fathers, sons――of the trembling people in the middle.

Someone called a name towards one of those on the ground, then vomited at the smell of the spilled guts.

A woman was unable to accept the truth, laughing madly even as her body was fondled through her clothes.

Surrounded by violence, they no longer had the strength to resist.

Those that tried to escape, even children, were killed mercilessly.

The village’s men watched from the rooftops and resignedly climbed down, throwing down their bows and swords, kneeling to beg for mercy.

The people they fought to protect were taken hostage, they could no longer do anything.

A common tragedy――assaulted by bandits and getting everything stolen from them.

Karka village was located deep in the forest, far from the main road, far from any aid.

The rape and plundering that was about to begin would steal away their regular lives, their dignity, everything.

If they were lucky, maybe the village itself would be left intact.

But to many of them, this is the end of any happiness.

“Oooh, there’s she is. Jou-chan, come ‘ere.”

In the middle of that, the man that looked to be the bandit leader called out to a girl.

The girl was dressed in a shabby dress――she looked around twelve or thirteen.

Her long silver hair glittered in the moonlight as her large purple eyes looked around impassively.

She was surrounded by despair, but there was no fear or panic in her expression.

She detachedly counted the number of corpses, the number of bandits, then looked towards the man that had called to her.

――quite a lot have been killed.

While considering what to do, the girl――Krische did as she was told, taking a step towards the man.

She had not expected things to get this bad.

I let them take the initiative too much, that short reflection was the only regret she felt.

Even as she looked at the bandits and familiar corpses, the girl showed no expression.

The small girl started walking as she was told.

And was stopped by a sturdily-built woman――Galla.

“You can’t go, I, I’ll think of something……”

Galla kept shaking her head as she embraced the girl, trembling.

Krische looked at her, troubled.

“But, if I do not go then you will be killed.”

Krische spoke, perfectly calm.

She had no sword. In this situation, there was no choice but to obey for now.

Krische pushed Galla aside, smiling to comfort her.

If Galla struggled and died, Krische would not be able to use the oven anymore.

Krische’s words came from that purely selfish thought, but Galla clenched her fists and bit her lip hard enough to draw blood.

“Quite a brave Ojou-san”

As the man laughed, another woman stepped forward to shield Krishce.

“I, I……I’ll, do anything……so please, let this child go.”

She was about thirty and her long black hair was bundled up at the back.

While she was freckled, she still looked beautiful.

It was Grace.

Catcalls came from the men around.

Hearing them, her face grew pale and her voice shook, but she still stepped forward.

The girl looked at her mother in surprise.

She saw that her mother was scared and thought about the meaning behind her mother’s words.

“……Kaa-sama. Krische is fine.”

Her mother simply shook her head. Still shielding the girl――Krische.

Grace was not strong willed, nor was she physically strong.

In fact she was clumsy and timid, a scatterbrain.

――but she still said.

“I beg you……please, just let this child go.”

The man smiled unpleasantly as his gaze crawled over her feminine body.

“That’s nice, very arousing……it’s always the best to stick it in in front of the daughter. All the more so with beautiful women.”

“……!”

Her mother trembled, but still told the man to do as he liked.

Please. I beg you――she repeated it like a broken record, clinging to the mercy of the evil man.

The girl stared at her mother.

It was impossible to believe that the man would keep a promise.

Grace likely understood that, but she still said that.

Praying that he would be even a little merciful to Krische.

Krische pressed down on her chest, tilting her head.

There was a light floating, but also trembling sensation――a weird kind of feeling.

She stared at her mother give up everything to protect her.

It was completely incomprehensible thinking in terms of gains and losses.

Her mother’s actions could not balance the gains and losses, it looked meaningless.

But Grace was willing to give up her life for Krische.

She was willing to give up what Krische thought was most important, for Krische.

――in this case, what should I give in return?

Krische thought, savoring the warm sensation in her heart.

“Anyway, the fun is for later. It’s okay, I won’t do anything to the Jou-chan, both of you come over here.”

“……mm, okay.”

Slightly unhappy that her thoughts were interrupted, Krische approached him.

Slowly, with her usual strides――at this distance, he was slightly too far.

Grace quickly moved forward to shield Krische and took her hand.

Krische narrowed her eyes slightly, enjoying the sensation with a small smile.

Watching her, the man grinned in anticipation.

“……but still, the longer I look, the more beautiful she seems. I can’t imagine how high a price she’ll fetch……”

“Pl, please……”

“Ah, I know I know. It’ll be fine.”

“……!”

The man reached towards Grace’s chest with no restraint.

But Grace just shut her eyes and did not resist.

“It’s not like I’ll sell her somewhere bad, it’ll probably be some merchant or noble that buys her. She’ll get to live a much better life and eat nicer food that she ever could living in this remote village.”

The man grinned as he enjoyed the feeling of Grace’s breasts.

Grace’s mouth tightened in discomfort and humiliation, but she did not resist, letting him do as he liked.

“You’ll be the one satisfying me anyway. There are some bastards that enjoy kids like this, but relax. I won’t let any of them touch your daughter.”

“Thank, you……”

Grace could only nod at his patronizing words.

Seeing tears streak down Grace’s face as she looked down in shame, Krische frowned slightly.

That was the trigger.

At this point there’s no need to care about the village rules.

There is a chance this could cause problems in the future, but the situation has gotten quite bad and it’s too late――since there’s no other method, I’ve got no choice.

Krische’s hand felt warm in her mother’s.

At worst, her mother would ensure Krische could go about her normal life.

No matter what, her mother would stay by Krische’s side.

That was reassuring, and that was enough.

Krische only wished for the same daily life as before.

Krische let go of Grace’s hand and approached the bandit leader.

“Mm?”

She then smoothly drew the curved sword at his waist.

The sword was curved like a naginata, the weight at the tip of the blade.

Easy to handle, the girl thought absentmindedly.

She swung her arm like a whip――

“!……?”

――and sliced through his undefended neck with the tip of the blade.

In the darkness of the night, lit only by flames burning the village――a fountain of fresh blood spurted from the bandit leader’s neck, staining the girl.

Krische ignored that, spinning the curved sword around in her hand.

The sword fit well in her hand.

Showing no interest in the collapsed man, Krische swung the sword two, three times, checking its weight, then nodded with a smile.

Silence.

Everyone was frozen, staring at the girl bathing in a rain of blood.

They could all see what had happened.

But the rebellion of the beautiful girl was too sudden.

Her movements were so natural their minds could not catch up.

In this unexpected situation, nobody could say a word.

Krische looked around at her quiet surroundings with her usual lack of expression.

Twenty two bandits.

This was not a problematic number for her.

She looked at their faces, calculating the best order to kill them in.

It was like time had stopped, and only she could move.

“……now then, next.”

Her young voice was light, sounding somewhat naive.

As she spoke, Krische stepped in front of a nearby bandit.

Closing the distance in one bound, she twisted her whole body, swinging the curved sword.

Without even feeling the cut in his neck, the man collapsed to the ground.

Next was the man beside.

――That’s three.

She enveloped her slender arms and legs with imaginary muscles created by mana and manipulated them at will.

No strain, no fear, her body is simply a tool to achieve her objective.

Mana granted her supernatural strength.

Sharp, fast, efficient.

The sword sliced through yet another man’s neck.

Without even looking at the falling corpse, she moved on to her next prey with the agility of a wild animal.

Krische did not hesitate.

Her movements were natural, as if she was reaping wheat. She took down another before the bandits could move.

“! What’re you guys doing! Stop the kid!”

The next instant, the bandits’ screams and shouts rang through the night.

They started moving, no longer paralyzed in time.

But arrows suddenly pierced into three of them.

“――There are more of us! Go!”

Gallen’s hoarse――but powerful voice erased the bandits’ voices.

Prepared to endure sacrifices among the villagers, he had been waiting in the shadows for a chance.

With that shout, the strong-willed among the women acted, with Galla at their lead.

They grabbed the bandits by the arm, pulling them off balance and fell onto them, pinning them down.

The men that had been tied up also acted in concert, tackling the bandits.

Despair turned to chaos.

The tables turned on the bandits and they were bound, or killed, before they could recover from their confusion.

Even in that situation, the silver hair dancing in the wind stood out.

She approached bandits and reaped their necks.

The flesh tore with a small popping sound, a good sound. A nice feeling.

She was not fighting, she was just doing routine work.

Her steps were light, dancing through fountains of blood.

Sometimes close to the ground like a snake, sneaking up like a cat at other times.

She always closed the distance without them noticing her.

Her body was flexible like a whip.

The flashes of her sword avoided bone, accurately reaping soft flesh. Flesh fell, sliced off.

She twisted at the hip, spinning, performing a sword dance.

The large amount of blood she bathed in soaked into her clothes and stained her hair――scattering scarlet droplets as she danced.

The situation that had been at the depths of despair had already turned, becoming a simple hunt.

Outnumbered.

The mental advantage the bandits had made was gone, creating a sudden chaos.

The bandits were now the ones at the depths of despair.

This allowed the girl reaping the bandits’ heads to relax.

While lopping off the tenth head and smashing the eleventh’s collarbones with the heel of her sandals, her thoughts were about her reward after this, about the pumpkin she has yet to eat.

I must have the pie. But then what should I do for soup?”

While feeling the sensation of severing flesh, pumpkins danced in her thoughts.

She did not have a shred of interest in the lives being lost.

She felt no pleasure, it was just work, she was business-like――she mass produced corpses indefinitely as long as was needed.

She was no longer a human, she was the reaper.

“Do, don’t move! Or I’ll kill her!”

That man’s shout stopped the girl.

He had his blade at a woman’s throat.

If it was anyone else, the girl would not have cared.

But the woman was the girl’s mother.

“――Kaa-sama.”

Seeing Grace, her fluid movements halted.

The girl coldly narrowed her eyes.

Even with Grace hostage, Gado’s expression was twisted in fear at the unknown.

He saw a girl, her long silver hair stained red with blood.

A beautiful fairy――but a monster that unhesitatingly and easily reaped their necks.

――A creepy brat.

Gado had noticed a long time ago that Krische was abnormal.

He had sparred with her in the past.

She looked human, but the girl was something more terrifying than any beast.

She was clearly not normal.

Looking at her now, there was no doubt she was abnormal.

She was undoubtably, a monster

He understood that he could never beat her with a sword.

At this rate, he would join the corpses around him.

That was clear to Gado and in his terror, he grabbed a nearby woman――Grace, putting his sword to her neck and shifted away from Krische.

“Don’t move, don’t move……!”

The person whose death would trouble Krische.

The person that she would live with just like before after all this.

Krische’s fluid movements stopped as she considered her next move.

“! Let, go……!”

――It was a lot of bad luck.

Krische had gotten too far to cut down Gado.

Grace did not want to get in the way of her beloved daughter

Gado was in a state of a complete panic.

The result was――

“Krische……!”

“Hiii, this bitch――”

――he wanted to escape from this terror.

Gado forgot that it was his hostage that kept him alive.

When Grace struggled and got in his way, he sliced her throat.

Blood danced, screams arose.

Grace’s eyes opened wide, a reflection of Krische in them.

Krische blanked out for an instant.

The next instant, Krische registered it, leapt forward and swung her sword.

Gado’s life ended immediately.

――It happened so quickly that later, some said they saw Krische kill her mother along with Gado.

She kicked Gado’s body away and caught her mother’s body.

Krische looked around, confirming that there was no immediate threat.

Then she quickly laid Grace down and examined the wound on her neck.

Large amounts of blood poured out――Krische applied pressure with her hands. Of course, the blood would not stop.

Even though she knew it was meaningless, Krische pressed on the wound with both hands.

Having grown up in a village without a doctor, Krische had no medical knowledge.

She only knew that blood flowed easily from the neck and living things died after losing too much blood.

“……the blood, won’t stop.”

“It’s o, kay……”

Grace struggled to lift her hand, cupping Krische’s cheek.

Krische just kept pressing, desperately trying to stop the overflowing blood.

“Kaa-sama, it is not okay. The blood, we need to stop the blood……”

It looked like Grace tried to shake her head.

But after a twitch, Grace gave up and smiled.

“K, sche……I, love, you……”

“……Kaa-sama.”

Grace’s body went limp.

Seeing Grace’s life lost right before her eyes, Krische was stunned.

――I failed.

I should have pushed Grace to the other women at the start.

I should have realised an instant earlier that I could just throw the sword.

Krische’s thoughts were full of regrets

An unpleasant feeling arose from her stomach.

Those that saw what happened were speechless, or frozen――among them, only Galla ran over.

“No, how……it, it can’t be……why……”

Tears welled up in Galla’s eyes and spilled over as she fell to her knees, slamming her fist into the ground hard enough to break skin.

Krische could only stare at Grace’s corpse in a daze.



* * *



――Krische stayed under the blankets, vaguely recalling the events of yesterday.

She felt nothing, she simply thought.

And stared at the result in a daze..

Gorka was gone. Dead.

Grace too, gone. Krische couldn’t save her.

The people that had been with her, gone.

It was an unavoidable failure.

Regrets swirled in her mind, but she could not have done anything about it.

A great disappoinmnent.

But, that’s all. There was nothing she could have done.

Even if Krische went home, she could not see their faces.

She could no longer hug Grace and sleep.

She could understand it, she could imagine it.

Disappointing. But, she could not do anything about what had already happened.

“……I could not, repay them.”

Krische whispered. Feeling uneasy, she closed her eyes.

She hugged Galla and went back to sleep, avoiding further thought.

――When she woke again, Krische was back to normal.



* * *



The next evening, a mass funeral was conducted at the outskirts of the village.

A large hole was dug, where the bodies were cremated, then buried at various locations.

Death was treated as a return to nature, it was tradition to hold a small banquet and send them off with a smile.

But after such a tragedy, some drank but nobody smiled, everyone stared the flames mournfully.

Some cried and screamed madly.

Some despaired at losing their loved ones, becoming empty husks.

But Krische acted normal, not spilling a single tear, expressionlessly and indifferently going through the motions.

If she had shown her tears, cried like a child, it might have turned out differently.

But Krische’s behaviour was creepy to everyone that saw her.

She had lost her father and watched her mother die, but she was too calm.

Most of all, the sight of her impassionately decapitating the bandits left a strong impression in their minds.

They had watched her decapitate the bandits with no hesitation.

Although that had saved them, the fear they had felt mixed with the memory of Krische’s expressionless face. On top of that was the occasional rumours of her being a monster.

Some even said Krische had killed her mother along with Gado.

Even among the women, some believed that and Krische was ostracized more than ever.

The women that were particularly close to Grace and Krische defended her, saying she was just in shock, it had not sunk in yet, but rumours spread.

Part of it was their frustrations.

They needed someone to vent their anger and sadness on, and Krische became their outlet.

The delicate balance around her crumbled and rumours about her got out of hand.

Things might have been different if Grace had lived.

Grace grieving over her husband would have drawn eyes away from Krische. Their intimate interactions would have reminded the villagers of past days.

There might have been a future where Krische was hailed as the village’s small hero.

But with Grace gone, the situation around Krische only grew worse and worse.

Because of that, things could not stay the same and Krische was shunned.

Two weeks passed since the bandit raid, a peddler arrived.

People were sparse in the square and avoided Krische, whispering among themselves.

Krische ignored them, approaching the peddler. The elderly peddler looked at her pitifully.

He knew that there had been many losses in the raid.

That was why he had delayed the visit last week until today as a precaution and was selling his wares at slightly lower prices as an apology.

But although Krische was usually the first to show up, she had not. Expecting the worst, he had asked the villagers about her and as a result, understood Krische’s current situation.

Peddlers visited many villages――the man was familiar with this scene.

A village is a closed society where rumours spread fast and quickly became the truth.

Once established, there was no undoing it.

“……are you okay?”

This beautiful hardworking girl that had not been envied, but loved by the other women.

He was a kind man and knowing how she was being treated, he worried for her and could not help asking.

“……? Er, yes.”

Krische tilted her head slightly, then nodded.

Even if she cared about her reputation, she did not care about the looks others gave her.

No matter what was said about her, it was only uncomfortable and slightly troublesome, she no longer cared――and was not be hurt by them.

So she did not understand what the peddlar was concerned about.

The reason she was late was just that she had gone to Gallen to receive pocket money.

Unlike Grace who was always in the village, Gallen who was often out hunting and Krische had to wait for a while.

But the peddler assumed the reason she was late was because Krische could not act as she did before.

“Peddlar-san, can I have a pumpkin?”

The peddler looked sad, but Krische said that with a smile.

On the night of the raid, the pumpkin had been knocked off the shelf by a bandit going through the house, smashing onto the ground.

Krische had planned to eat it after the funeral, that was a major miscalculation.

On top of that, the peddler did not come the previous week, making her have to wait longer, raising Krische’s pumpkin fever even higher and today she could finally obtain her long-awaited pumpkin.

So Krische was in an extremely good mood today――but to the sympathetic man, it looked like she was forcing herself to smile normally.

“Aah……wait a moment.”

After some thought, the peddlar filled a basket with some potatoes, vegetables and fruits along with the pumpkin and handed it to Krische.

“……? I only asked for a pumpkin……”

“It’s fine. You’ve had a tough time. It’s service for Krische-chan for always buying something. No need to pay.”

“Er, but.”

“It’s fine.”

Forcing the basket into her hands, he placed a hand on her head.

“……it might be tough now, but a girl like you can definitely find happiness. I shouldn’t speak so lightly but……do you best.”

“Okay……?”

Tonight is the pumpkin soup and pie she had yearned for.

Krische had already found happiness and was confused by his words, but nodded for now.

The peddler smiled in response and lightly patted Krische’s heads a few times.

“I’ll come again. Krische-chan’s a good customer. I’m looking forward to your continued patronage.”

“Thank you very much.”

Krische deeply lowered her head before turning away.

She didn’t really understand, but she received a lot of things.

Krische was pragmatic and trotted home in high spirits.

Watching her leave, the peddler closed his eyes and prayed for her future.

-End-



* * *



TT^TT





U.E. C.6: Unfair


Krische hummed as she made soup and kneaded dough for a pie.

Being a self-centered person, she always thought of things in a manner convenient for her.

Grace and Gorka are gone.

Which means there are two extra portions and she can thoroughly enjoy the pumpkin.

She had been denied twice and forced to wait two weeks.

Tonight’s dinner will finally be the pumpkin she had yearned for. Krische had skipped lunch for this, fully intending to eat three portions herself.

She carefully folded the dough and spread the pumpkin paste, imagining how it would turn out.

Krische hummed as she finished up the pie. Satisfied at her work, she smiled a little.

After ‘taste testing’ the soup for a while, she lowered the flames.

Just a little more, then ‘taste tested’ two, three more times..

After satisfying herself with the soup, she headed to Galla’s home with a spring in her steps.

The perfect pumpkin pie she had made with great care was held in her hands.

The one she had made before was nowhere close to this one.

She smiled as she imagined how it would turn out――and heard two people arguing in Galla’s house.

“Just because of that――you’re going to throw that girl out on her own!?”

“No! I’ll leave her in the care of a trustworthy friend. Do you want make her live out her life in this village as an outcast!? Is that any better for Krische!?”

It seems like they are talking about Krische.

She tilted her head to the side, but still knocked on the door.

“Who’s there?” Galla asked, suppressing the anger in her voice.

Krische replied as normal, “It’s Krische.”

The door opened immeadiately.

Inside were Gallen and Galla. The atmosphere between them was tense.

Krische froze upon seeing them.

“Krische, what’s wrong――ah”

“E, er…… Krische, came to bake, the pumpkin pie……”

――She might miss out on her pumpkin pie again.

Her ever-growing pumpkin fever was already at its limits.

This would be the third time.

“If, if you are busy, then……”

The timing was just too bad, tears that had not flowed during her mother’s death welled up now.

Galla urged Krische in hastily, glaring at Gallen.

Gallen sighed, letting out his remaining anger, then nodded.

“Sorry to surprise you. We were just discussing things a little. We weren’t arguing. Right, Gallen?”

“Ye, yeah…… sorry. We must’ve surprised you.”

“Krische is fine……”

“Come this way.”

Galla patted Krische’s head and led her to the oven.

Sighing in relief that she could use the oven, Krische set the pie in the middle and borrowed some charcoal, arranging them inside the oven.

“……it’s quite big.”

“Er……because, we missed out on the previous one.”

Hearing Krische’s response, Galla pressed on the corner of her eye.

“Yeah. We promised……to eat Krische-chan’s pie, together, once everything was over.”

“Yes. It has gotten quite late.”

Krische said with a smile, but recalled something and lowered her eyes.

“…… Krische wanted to make it immediately after though.”

The pumpkin had been smashed.

When Krische had returned home, the pumpkin was completely smashed.

What grudge did that bandit have against her pumpkin?

While she had probably gotten revenge for the pumpkin, Krische was not satisfied.

Remembering it was unpleasant――it made her feel like smashing his limbs like that pumpkin if he was still alive.

Not knowing Krische’s inner thoughts, Galla was holding back tears, watching Krische with her pie large enough for five.

She had stained her young hands with blood to save everyone, her mother was killed before her eyes and she had also lost her father.

Galla saw herself in Krische, similar to when she had lost her son in an ‘unfortunate accident’. Krische did not cry, acting as she always did, going through her days indifferently, but that made her feel precarious.

Reality might not have set in yet.

Either way, it would be a wound too deep for this young girl.

Krische had reproduced the same pie as that day, she looked as if she was broken somewhere inside. The more Galla thought about it, the greater her hatred for those that carelessly spread those worthless rumours.

Krische was smart, there was no way she did not know of the rumours about her.

Galla had seen Krische hugging and snuggling with Grace many times, behaving like any other girl her age.

But now there were even rumours that Krische had killed Grace with her own hands.

Galla could not forgive them.

Krische should have been hailed as the village’s hero, but look at this unfair treatment.

Galla heart was torn by the anger and sadness that filled it.

“Will you invite Oba-san too?”

“Yes. If Oba-san does not have some too, Krische cannot finish this much.”

“Haha, yeah. It’s such a big pie…… Oba-san will have to eat a lot to make up for those two.”

“Eh……?”

Krische was stunned for a moment.

The extra two portions were for Krische. She had skipped lunch for this,.

Realising her slip, Krische’s gaze wandered as she looked for the words to deal with this sudden unfairness.

“E, er, Oba-san, this……is Krische’s, share……”

“Ah……”

Seeing Krische’s reaction, Galla covered her mouth, thinking she had made Krische remember the two she had lost.

Krische had not mentioned Grace and Gorka recently, it was unnatural.

――She must’ve been trying to avoid thinking about them.

Regretting her own foolishness, Galla embraced Krische’s small body.

“……I’m sorry, Krische-chan. But it’s okay.”

It is not okay. Krische wanted to retort.

But before she could do so, Galla tightened her embraced, squashing Krische’s face into her breasts and covering her mouth.

“Do you think it’s unfair?”

Krische hesitated, then gave a small nod. This was really unfair.

“But you have to accept it. One day, you have to accept that life is unfair……and it’s okay to cry out loud if you have to.”

“Mugu……”

“When I lost my son and could not deal with it…… Krische-chan came over many times and cheered me up. I was really happy about that. That’s why I swore to do the same for Krische-chan if something sad happened to you too.”

Krische could not understand Galla’s thought process.

She stole Krische’s pumpkin pie, making Krische sad then tries to cheer Krische up.

Krische stayed silent a while longer, but Gallen only nodded gravely, not saying a word.

Seeing her grandfather agree, Krische grew even more confused.

Krische could not understand the logic behind it, but this is apparently normal.

Then Krische remembered that she had killed Galla’s son, then comforted Galla as she borrrowed the oven.

Basically Galla just really wants to eat the pie, Krische came to that simple conclusion with her strange understanding.

Compared to Krische who had properly hidden the fact that she had killed Galla’s son, Galla’s method was forceful and crude, but the act itself made sense to Krische.

And she also owed a lot to Galla.

Krische decided that she no choice and gave up, relaxing into Galla’s embrace.

Galla teared up as she gently stroked Krische’s head.

“……there’s no need to endure the sadness. At the very least, when with Oba-san, you can show your emotions. Oba-san will always be with Krische-chan until the sadness is gone.”

Krische could only swallow her complaints.

Instead she focused on how she could cut the freshly-baked pie such that she would get to eat the most pumpkin.

That was all she thought about.



* * *



――With the pie baked, they were back in Krische’s house.

But Krische’s hardships have not ended.

After much thought and hesitation, Krische chose to cut the pie into five equal slices, reluctantly serving two of them to Galla.

Of course two slices were for her. Then one for Gallen..

Krische could feel how crisp it was as she cut the pie.

This is the best pie she had ever made, the pumpkin had melted into the batter, releasing a sweet fragrance.

The crispiness and sweet smell of the pumpkin was already bliss for Krische before she had even taken a bite. It was as if the pie called to her tongue.

The pumpkin soup had also turned out well. The pumpkin had stewed over the weak flame for a long time, becoming nice and soft. To this, she added some of the pumpkin she had set aside.

It became a sumptuous soup where you could taste the sweetness of the pumpkin in the soup as well as the pumpkin itself. This is the best pumpkin dish Krische had ever made.

If she focused on the pumpkin then the soup would be lacking, and vice versa.

Krische had spent a week thinking only about pumpkins and had decided to use plenty of pumpkin to perfect this amazing pumpkin lover’s set meal.

After setting the table, Krische stared at the pumpkin soup and pie, feeling slightly emotional.

She then looked towards Gallen. They did not pray before their meals, but Gallen or Gorka usually declared the start of the meal.

Krische could barely suppress her excitement at finally getting to eat pumpkin but kept still, waiting.

Gallen stared absentmindedly at the pumpkin lover’s set meal, pinching the bridge of his nose.

Then lowering his eyes, he spoke quietly.

“……Krische, we need to talk.”

“Talk?”

Krische felt like a dog with a treat held just out of reach.

Her morals were abnormal and she was extremely self-centered, but otherwise, Krische was polite and obedient.

She would not break community rules when there are people around and when she has to break a rule, she would do it where there was no one to observe it.

Respect elders, greetings and thanks, proper manners. These are life skills Grace had taught Krische.

And because Krische was such a girl. she had to wait if Gallen said ‘wait’.

If she had dog ears, they would be folded down.

Krische fidgeted, looking from Gallen to the pie and back again.

“……Gallen.”

“You understand, don’t you, Galla?”

“……But.”

Krische was perplexed, things were not looking good.

Time passed relentlessly as she thought of the worst case scenarios.

But Krische was still calm

Because――Krische’s tongue was extremely sensitive.

Either way, she couldn’t eat until the food had cooled a little, so waiting a little was fine.

Krische came to that conclusion.

Krische really enjoyed blowing on hot food to cool it and then eating, but that was not a must.

As long as Krische can eat it at a nice temperature, it’s fine, Krische convinced herself.

“You heard us talking at Galla’s house, right?”

“Yes. I heard……a little.”

“We were talking about your future.”

Gallen spoke gravely.

Feeling the hunger from skipping lunch――Krische was bewildered, she could not understand why they would want to talk about that at this particular timing.

Hunger greatly reduced Krische’s intelligence.

“……is it tough?”

“Er……”

“Speak honestly. How do you feel right now?”

After Galla, now Gallen?

Was there some new unknown rule about preventing Krische from enjoying her pumpkin pie?

Finding it all unfair, Krische nodded.

“……it is tough.”

The ultimate bait is laid out right before her hungry stomach.

Of course it was tough.

“I see……”

Gallen looked toward Galla and she nodded with a resigned look.

“I have a friend from the army living in town. I got a letter from him recently, checking up on me. He offered to do anything he could to help…… I mulled over it and wrote about you.”

“About Krische……?”

“Yeah…… Krische, do you want to try living in the town?”

How did talk about Krische’s pumpkin pie suddenly jump to that?

Krische was slightly surprised by the sudden topic change.

“…… I got his reply today, if Krische is agreeable, he’d like to meet you.”

Krische grew even more confused.

Krische simply wants to eat.

Krische could not keep up with the sudden――to Krische――important conversation.

“……if Ojii-sama says to go, then Krische will go.”

“That’s not what I mean…… don’t think recklessly. It’s definitely not because I don’t like Krische. It is because I love Krische that I want to give you this choice.”

“……? Er……”

“That acquaintance of mine is a trustworthy man. We were comrades that ate and slept together, saved each other’s lives…… Krische, I want you to meet him with me, and decide what you want to do. Of course if you still want to stay in this village, Galla and I will take care of you.”

Having declared what he had to say, Gallen fell silent.

He was waiting for Krische’s response.

Krische on the other hand was looking down sadly, fidgeting and staring at the pie.

She stayed that way with a hand clutched at her chest for a while.

Then Krische spoke timdly.

“……e, er, the…… p, pie, is getting…… cold, so”

For Krische, begging for permission to eat was a tough and painful decision.

Asking to begin the meal, exposing her own desires in the middle of Gallen’s serious conversation was an absolutely shameful act in Krische’s peculiar opinion.

But she wanted to eat.

She had waited two weeks.

But she could not just start eating.

Krische’s rational and intelligent mind had grappled with the problem of how to fulfill her desires without being shameful according to her sense of aesthetics. But watching the pie cool minute by minute, she reached her limit and Krische spoke out, her voice barely above a whisper.

Krische has always endeavored to be well-mannered and on perfect behaviour, so this was unprecedented, the first and hopefully last time.

Krische’s face burnt with shame and her eyes teared up.

Seeing her like this, Gallen groaned softly and Galla clapped her hands together.

“……she’s right. Krische-chan has made a delicious meal for us. Let’s eat before it grows cold…… right, Gallen?”

“Yeah…… sorry. You’re right. Let’s eat first.”



* * *



Galla changed the topic, praising Krische’s soup and pie.

Gallen did not speak much but praised her too.

Krische was going through another bout of depression and could not fully enjoy the delicious food. But thanks to Galla’s efforts, she eventually recovered enough to enjoy the meal.

With her small mouth full of pie, she enjoyed its texture and sweetness, fulfilling the desires that had just betrayed her. By the time the meal was over, she was in a very good mood.

Gallen made eye contact with Galla and then declared the he would be going home for the night.

He did not bring up the conversation from before the meal and just left after saying good night. Krische and Galla washed the dishes together with some light chatter, then laid out futons and prepared for bed.

Krische was clearly happy that Galla was staying over.

In this area, nights were cold through the year and Krische was sensitive to it, she wanted a warm body pillow.

After extinguishing the fire and they lay in the futon, Galla talked about Krische’s past.

Krische had been about three years old.

Gorka had found a small girl collapsed in the forest near the main road and brought her back to the village, creating a small commotion.

Krische was bed-ridden for three days with Grace and Gorka nursing her, but Krische’s appearance was already eye-catching then.

Not only was her beautiful silver hair rare around here, her features were refined and the silk clothing she wore was of fine make.

It was natural to think she was the daughter of some noble.

Even in this remote village, stories of internal strife among nobles reached them through minstrels and such occurrences were common knowledge. Krische was thought to have been abandoned in the forest as the result of such a strife.

Sheltering her might lead to trouble, but it was not like the villagers could just kill her.

They decided to take care of her temporarily and hand her over if someone came looking. Gorka and Grace had not been blessed with children and decided to take her in.

Krische spoke little and politely.

(T/N: Literally says she always speaks with desu/masu, the polite form, which she still does, mostly)

They could tell that she was smart for her age, but she hardly left the house and seemed tense in this unfamiliar environment.

Krische was passive, hardly behaving like a child would, simply staring at the people around her.

Grace brought her outside, leading her by the hand, letting her get used to the village. Krische toddling behind Grace around the village became a famous sight for a while.

Galla laughed as she spoke, a nostalgic tone in her voice.

Over time, Grace changed from temporary caretaker to foster parent, then to mother.

Grace taught Krische many things, doting on Krische as if Krische was her own daughter.

Krische was intelligent and grew to meet all her expectations. Having wished so much for children, meeting Krische felt like destiny to Grace and Gorka.

She was unexpectedly gluttonous and always clung to and snuggled with Grace in the futon at night. Grace had spread these stories of Krische through the village.

Galla recalled those nostalgic stories and went through each of them with Krische.

Krische blushed as she listened.

So when she got sweets as rewards for helping, they had already known Krische was a glutton.

Which meant they had given her sweets knowing that was her motive for helping them. Naturally that made Krische feel embrassed.

Not minding Krische’s reactions, Galla continued.

After talking about Krische, she moved on to Grace and Gorka.

Grace had always been a nice, cheerful girl.

Galla had a crush on Gorka when they were younger and when the younger grace stole him away, was one-sidedly hostile towards her for a time. But Grace’s kindness was sincere and eventually Galla gave them her blessings. Then there was a man that fell in love with Galla and she wed that man.

Galla spoke of how she had lost her husband early, then her child soon after. How when her heart was broken, Krische and Grace had helped her.

Galla had not agreed to taking in Krische at first, but now she believed from the bottom of her heart that was the right choice.

“If Krische wants to stay in this village, Oba-san will protect Krische-chan in place of Grace. I’ll take you in as my daughter. That’s what Oba-san wants and honestly, I’m against you going to the town.”

Galla’s voice was full of love.

Galla did not know that Krische had killed her child, and she never would.

Galla’s love for Krische was unshakable, even if Krische honestly confessed her crime now, Galla would interpret it conveniently, probably treating it as more misfortune, just an accident.

――Krische’s little revenge led to an accident and she regrets killing him.

Galla trusted and loved Krische that much.

It is completely absurd, yet at the same time, in a way you could say she was happy.

Cosily bundled up in Galla’s warmth, Krische listened to her stories absentmindedly.

Although they had slept together the night of the funeral, Krische has slept alone since.

Satisfied that she would have a nice night of sleep for the first time in a while, Krische smiled a little.

But this love from Galla created a tiny doubt in Krische’s mind.

It was a doubt that would greatly affect Krische’s human nature in the future.

But at this time, it was trivial.

“……but I also don’t believe staying would be the best for Krische. Krische-chan is smart, if you have the chance to learn, that’ll open up various futures for you.”

“Various futures……”

“Yes. All happy futures. Krische-chan, do you know why Grace named you Krische?”

“……yes. She told me recently.”

Galla nodded in satisfaction, smiling wryly.

“The moon on the night she was proposed to, her happiest moment. It might sound like a stupid reason, but Krische-chan’s name has all of Grace’s happiness in it. Such that the same happiness will come to Krische-chan.”

“……will it?”

Grace always laughed or cried, making a big fuss over small things, she was the opposite of rational.

But recalling how happy Grace was――Krische could not imagine herself like that.

Krische tilted her head in confusion.

“Of course it will. Krische-chan can definitely find happiness, I’ll say that for sure.”

Galla looked Krische in the eye and declared it firmly.

“Rather then living in this village, seeing and experiencing many things will be better for Krische. Out there, you’ll be much happier than you can be here…… the town is dazzling, there are many things Krische-chan has never seen before.”

“Never seen before……?”

“Yes, fancy clothes, houses, even food.”

――Food.

If there were dog ears on Krische’s head, they would have perked up.

Krische still did not have a good understanding of what a town was, she thought of it as a large village.

But the problem was――

“……but, Krische will not be able to borrow Oba-san’s oven.”

It’s nearby and convenient right now.

Galla looked stunned, then her expression crumpled as she embraced Krische tightly.

“O, Oba-san……?”

“……it’s okay, it sounds like it’ll be a large house, so there should be a much better oven than Oba-san’s.”

I see, Krische thought as she told Galla, who was still squeezing Krische.

“Can’t, breathe……”

“Ah, aah……sorry.”

Galla apologised in a trembling voice, relaxing her hug and patted Krische’s head.

“……don’t worry. Krische-chan will be fine anywhere. You’re Grace and Gorka’s……and my pride, our daughter. Just act as usual and Krische will fit in…… I believe in you.”

Galla’s voice was tearful and shaky, but her tone was firm.

Galla did not say anymore. Krische also fell silent, pressing herself closer to Galla.

Krische had felt that the conversation had come to an end and prepared to sleep.

Soon Krische was asleep, breathing softly.

Galla just continued to embrace Krische.

-End-





U.E. C.7: Journey and the Estate


The town is far.

Instead of walking, Krische and Gallen will be hitching a ride with the cart going to town.

The village’s specialties are rock salt and animal pelt.

They sold some to peddlers, but most of it was sold directly to other villages and the town’s merchants.

A cart travelled between the town and village regularly for this trade and two of them will be hitching a ride on this cart.

The journey is quite long and the road is not entirely safe.

Four skilled villagers usually went along as guards, but there had been many deaths and there is a lack of manpower. On the surface, the traders appeared happy that the two of them were coming along as guards.

Memories of Krische from that day still sent chills down their backs.

But conversely, there is no better guard than Krische in the village and Gallen’s sword skill as a former centurion is well known.

Their presence is reassuring.

Women and children that were particularly close to Krische had come to see her off.

Although some children are scared of her, most of their young minds saw her as ‘the hero that punished the bad bandits adults could not defeat’.

With how Krische had cared for them, they were still attached to her. Some cried while other endured their tears with clenched fists as they sent her off.

The women had expressions of guilt for not being able to protect Krische.

If they could have protected Krische, there would be no need for her to leave.

No matter the things said about her, Krische was just a pitiful girl that had lost her parents and then thrown out of the village.

Their regret was proportional to the strength of their love for her.

They said their farewells to Krische one by one, handing her various parting gifts.

Most of them were either sweets or pelts and cloth such that she would not be cold.

There was so much that Krische could not carry them by herself and Gallen received them instead, loading them onto the cart with their luggage.

Krische received the gifts with a smile and exchanged farewells.

The women clenched their teeth, determined not to show her their tears.

“……Krische. If it gets tough, you can come back anytime. Don’t hesitate to come back.”

“Yes, Oba-san.”

Galla wrapped a muffler around Krische’s neck and embraced her one last time.

Watching them, some of the women could not stop their tears from spilling over.

They were the ones who knew their relationship and it was painful to watch.

“……Gallen-san, it’s time.”

“Aah. Krische.”

“Okay.”

The coachman called to them and Krische nodded to Gallen.

Then she turned back to the women and children, deeply bowing her head.

“Thank you very much for taking such good care of Krische…… Goodbye.”

Krische said with a smile, then hopped onto the cart.

Soon, the cart set off and as it drew into the distance, although Krische had been sitting straight at first, they could see her head gradually hanging lower.

Seeing that, the women finally stopped hiding their tears and the children bawled.



* * *



――Very, painful.

Krische’s vague desire to try riding on a horse carriage vanished in less than half an hour as she battled with the pain of the shaking cart slamming into her butt.

Although she tried to maintain her composure, it hurts.

Krische subconsciously shifted her weight, gradually leaning forward.

Of course, there was a cushion placed under her butt, but Krische did not have much meat on her body to soften the impact.

Seeing how Gallen sat composedly next to her, it was normal to be able to endure this pain.

With that assumption and the promise to herself to be better than others, Krische desperately endured, pulling her hood down to hide her face.

Gallen patted the head of his beloved granddaughter and gently hugged her closer.

Krische is smart, talented and brave――definitely not a normal girl.

But Gallen believed that Krische had the same feelings as anyone else.

Gorka and Grace had told him that they had never seen her cry.

But she must be at her limit, thought Gallen.

The coachman sitting in front and the guards on horses around the cart looked at her sympathetically.

They did not have a good impression of Krische.

Her abnormality was well known among the men.

They had seen Krische knock down and beat up her opponent expressionlessly. Among them, some also had the baseless suspicion that she had killed two children.

They also realised that Galo had disappeared at some point after displaying sexual interest in her, touching her butt and chest under the pretense of coaching. There were some that whispered maybe Krische had killed him.

Two of the guards in particular had seen the scene that day and agreed with the many rumours of her being a monster, actively playing a part in spreading the same rumours.

But seeing her pull her hood low, her head hanging as Gallen hugged her to his side, feelings of guilt rose.

They grew aware that they were the ones that had driven her into this situation.

Just by seeing how the women and children sent her off, they could understand how much she was loved.

Would so many have come to see them off if they stood in her shoes?

Considering that, the doubts they felt about their own actions grew stronger.

Krische’s beautiful appearance already drew attention, naturally she would become infamous even for trivial things.

No matter who, there will be something if you dig deep enough.

She is definitely not normal.

But this time, all she had done was pick up a sword and save the village.

The fact is that she is the village’s savior, their savior.

She had done nothing to be condemned for, nothing at all.

She has lost her parents and has no one but her grandfather to rely on, but they treated her horribly.

Averting their eyes from their own powerlessness, they spread tales of how she was abnormal.

They vented their anger and helplessness on her.

And now she is on this cart, chased out of the village.

The men that had not known her well had hurt her so much with their venting, rumours and prejudice. This young girl that is only slightly above ten.

They reflected on their actions with this new perspective.

When they took a break, Krische took the initiative to care for the horses and prepare food.

Her real motive was to keep moving because her butt hurt, but personally seeing her work so seriously and diligently strengthened their guilt.

Travelling is tiring.

But she did not complain and showed no signs of fatigue, diligently working, just like the ‘good rumours’ they heard from Grace, Gorka and the womenfolk.

The men felt ashamed of themselves, telling her to rest.

But Krische refused, trying to distract herself from her hurting butt, making her look even more like a hard worker.

By the time they arrived at the town a few days later, the men’s attitude towards her had completely softened.

“……just as Galla-san said, if it really gets tough, tell me. I will be here once a month, I can bring you back then.”

“Okay, thank you very much.”

“Do your best…… you’ll be fine anywhere you go.”

The men could not apologise, they could only give her their best wishes.

It was too late no matter what they said.

They vowed to correct the rumours about her once they returned and said their respective farewells to Krische.

“……if they had known how Krische really is, those rumours wouldn’t have spread.”

“……?”

Gallen said as he watched the men leave.

“Rumours, both good and bad, spread fast. As it passes from mouth to mouth, it usually grows more exaggerated. As people pass on what they heard, one becomes two then five, this incident is the result of such misfortune…… they’ve realised that the rumours they believed in were nothing but rumours after getting to know you.”

“Haa……”

“Krische, you must not be mislead by rumours. When you talk to people, be careful and be aware that such things can happen. It’ll end up not just hurting reputations, but people too.”

“……okay.”

He must be telling Krische about what to reflect on for this incident.

Krische came to that understanding and stored Gallen’s words away in her important memories box.

Be careful of how to use rumours.

They must be used only after careful thought about its capabilities and effects.

Krische memorised that as she followed Gallen.



* * *



Unlike the village which only had houses made of wood or clay, the town had white stone buildings made by mixing ash into bricks.

The streets were stone-paved, crowded on both sides by houses and stores.

As they proceeded deeper into the town, they came to an area where all the houses had gardens attached.

Gallen’s destination was among them, a particularly extravagant estate.

It was larger than any building in the village, the sturdy stone building and walls enclosing it made it look like a small castle.

The garden had fruit trees and flowers with a neat stone path leading through it to the gate.

They arrived at the large gate in the center of the symmetrical estate. When they knocked, a girl dressed in a black and white uniform answered.

She was a young girl with shoulder-length red hair――in her late teens or early twenties.

The pretty girl with red hair inferred the reason behind their visit once she saw Gallen.

Gallen had visited a few times and they were acquainted.

As they exchanged casual greetings, Krische removed her hood, causing the red-haired girl open her eyes wide in surprise.

“Oh my……”

“This is the girl I want to entrust to you.”

“……she’s, a very beautiful girl. Hello, my name is Bery Argan.”

“Hello, I am, Krische.”

Krische replied and shook the girl’s――Bery’s hand. Bery smiled happily and politely bowed towards them.

“I hope we get along. This way, please. I will guide you to the parlour.”

Once they entered the house, they were greeted by a large spiral staircase.

Passing through a door next to those stairs, they entered a room with large sofas and a table.

Resplendent decorations were displayed on shelves along the wall along with some paintings, a portrait hung above the fireplace.

It’s quite bright, Krische tilted her head, looking at the glass window. Then she looked up at the ceiling, where the light was coming from. There were a few glowing orbs set into the ceiling.

Noticing Krische’s actions, Bery explained with a soft laugh.

“Those are eternal magic lamps. Instead of fire, mana is used to light up the room.”

“Eternal magic lamps……”

(T/N: 常魔灯 (Joumatou). suggestions for better name is welcome)

“Quite a lot of houses in town use these, but I guess they are not used in villages. These kind of estates have many rooms which cannot take in enough sunlight, so these are used instead. See how the houses are packed close together? Many normal households use these instead of candles too.”

“I see, this is the first time I have seen them……”

“Fufu, then today will have many firsts in store for you.”

Bery used a magic kettle to brew a pot of tea for them.

Krische could feel waves of mana from all over the place, drawing her attention.

But she did not ask about those, simply staring at the cup of tea placed in front of her.

The fragrance was to Krische’s liking and she could infer that it is a drink since honey had been added to it. But Krische hesitated, it was still steaming.

Krische’s tongue is extremely sensitive.

“This is black tea. Please, have a sip.”

“Black tea……”

Krische picked up the cup, cautiously bringing it to her lips and blowing on it.

Seeing that, Bery laughed cheerfully, making Krische blush.

“It seems it is too hot for you.”

“Er……”

“Excuse me for a moment.”

Bery existed the room, quickly returning.

In that time, Krische still could not take a sip.

“Drinking it straight is nice, but you can also add milk. This way it will also help cool the tea a little, this might be better for Krische-sama.”

Bery added some milk to the tea and mixed it.

Krische sipped from the cup offered to her, her cheeks still red.

It was sweet with a hint of sour, the fragrance of the tea leaves and the honey balanced out by the mellowness of the milk.

Krische smiled as she enjoyed the warm tea.

“It is very delicious.”

“I am glad you like it.”

Bery replied with a soft laugh.

“Fufu, Krische-sama is even cuter when you smile. I was looking forward to what kind of person would be coming and meeting someone like Krische-sama makes me twice as happy. I would love to get to know you better.”

“……thank you.”

Krische said as she stared at the tea with glittering eyes. Bery offered her some baked sweets too.

Krische took them with an expectant look and upon taking a bite, received a culture shock.

Although there had been sweets using sweet berries and honey in the village, these sweets completely overturned Krische’s concept of delicious.

It was crispy and had a slight salty taste mixed with the sweetness of honey.

Seeing Krische’s excitement, Bery smiled happily.

“That is something I made in my spare time, but it was worth making it to see you enjoy it so much. Fufu, how is it? Delicious?”

“Delicious, how did you make it? ……ah.”

The instant she said that, Krische realised her lack of manners and suddenly felt embrassed.

Krische blushed as she looked between Gallen and Bery, then looked down.

“Please do not worry about it. That makes me very happy. Are you interested in making sweets?”

“E, er…… yes, I made some, at home.”

“……this child has always liked cooking. In that sense, you two will probably get along.”

“Yes, indeed. Ojou-sama is not interested in such things so this makes me very happy. If there is anything you are curious about, please ask me at anytime.”

“Okay……”

Bery was clearly her superior in cooking.

Krische was excited to meet such a person.

Krische is always looking to improve herself and was glad to meet Bery, who could show her new discoveries in cooking.

Krische listened intently as Bery explained the knack behind baking cookies.

Gallen smiled in relief as he watch his granddaughter.

Seems like she’ll be fine here.

After they had chatted for a while, the door leading into the reception room opened and a well-built man in his prime entered.

His blonde hair with some white was combed back and a beard covered the area around his mouth.

He was dressed in a black vest over a white shirt and trousers.

His clothes were simple with only a golden crest of a falcon and lightning adorning his chest, but his muscular build spoke more than any accessory could. This coupled with the countless scars and deep lines carved into his face made him quite imposing.

His sharp eyes softened as he looked from Gallen to Krische.

His fierce looks would have frightened a normal girl, but Krische was unaffected.

Gallen stood, so Krische followed and then deeply bowed her head.

“……nice to meet you, I am Krische.”

“Aah, nice to meet you. I am Bogan Christand…… I used to be under your Ojii-san’s care. Come, relax and have a seat.”

“Okay.”

Krische glanced at Galllen for confirmation, only sitting after her grandfather nodded.

The sofa was really comfortable after sitting on the cart.

“She’s quite a well-mannered girl. I had thought she would be a little scared of me……but she’s just as brave as you said.”

“……thank you for accepting my request.”

Gallen said, bowing his head. Bogan approached, laying a hand on Gallen’s shoulder and shaking his head.

“Please raise your head. Having captain bow to me puts me on the spot. I just wanted to repay a little of the debt I owe you.”

“Debt? I only did what was natural…… but it is a great honour.”

Bogan nodded and sat down opposite from them.

Gallen also returned to his seat.

“But I did not expect such a beautiful girl. And she seems quite smart.”

“……she was the pride of her parents, the perfect child. Which makes it all the more regrettable.”

“……my condolences. I cannot say I understand your feelings, but it was similar for me with my wife. Unforeseen deaths are hard to deal with.

Bogan said as he sipped his tea.

Bery had not said a single word since Bogan had entered, simply standing there with her hands clasped in front of her, her posture straight and proper.

She was the picture of a graceful lady, but when Krische looked towards her, Bery revealed a small impish smile.

“……so your name’s Krische. You’ve had it tough.”

“Not really.”

Krische answered calmly.

By now she did not really care, there was only some regret.

The pumpkin being smashed was tough, thought Krische.

“You’re a tough girl. But…… did this girl really, er, the bandits……?”

“Yes. I knew she was skilled with the sword but…… not to that extent. I guess that’s what you call natural talent. She fought bandits who were former soldiers……she probably used what you know as physical enhancement.”

“……magic?”

Bogan looked at Krische, narrowing his eyes.

There was a thin layer of blue clinging to her body――precisely controlled mana.

The surprise was visible in Bogan’s eyes as he frowned.

“I see……no, but.”

Bogan sank into thought for a while, then asked.

“Krische, where did you learn magic?”

“……? Magic?”

“Subconsciously? ……that’s what we call the technique of manipulating mana, the mana you have wrapped around you. Aren’t you doing it right now?”

“Ah……yes. This floofy thing.”

Krische finally understood.

This is the technique of controlling her body using the ‘floofy thing’ inside her body instead of muscles.

Krische had been reliant on it ever since she learned how to do it and it has become so natural for her that she was not even aware she was doing it.

That was why her response was delayed.

It had been tiring when she was not used to it, but once she got used to it she did not have to use her muscles and it was actually more relaxing.

She had no problems with work that normal people found tough.

One of the reasons Krische could be such a hardworker was because she knew how to control her body using mana.

“……it’s such magnificent physical enhancement that you can’t tell at first glance. How long have you been using it?”

“……since about nine years ago?”

Krische said, digging through faint memories, increasing Bogan’s surprise.

That is a natural reaction considering she is twelve years old.

“I see. I understand now…… it is no wonder she appears strange to those who don’t know.”

“I had my suspicions but there was nothing off in her usual life, I was only sure after the fight with the bandits. I couldn’t be sure until then since I can’t see mana……but is it that amazing?”

“Yes…… even I could not use such efficient physical enhancement, nor have I seen the like. It must be due to her using it daily since a very young age. I was surprised when I got the letter asking for me to take care of your granddaughter, but I can understand now.”

Gallen nodded and replieed.

“Her possibilities would have been limited in that remote village, I had thought there would be infinitely more futures available to her under your care. Seeing her, what do you think?”

“……just as you say, since she is proficient at using mana at that age, there is indeed infinite possibilities for her. And I would very much like to watch over her…… but are you okay with that, Krische?”

Krische looked back at Bogan as he spoke to her.

“I will take you in if you wish to live here. But it will be different from the village where you grew up, you might feel restrained by the rules and find life strict. You also won’t be able to meet people from the village easily…… are you sure?”

“Yes, Krische wants to live here.”

Krische answered with no hesitation.

Bogan was taken aback by the immediate answer, but interpreted it positively, taking it as Krische had already made her decision before coming.

A pitiful girl, but she has already recovered from her parents’ death and is thinking about the future.

“Okay. Nice to meet you then, Krische. You can just call me Bogan.”

“Okay.”

“Then you will be taken care――”

“Yes, Master, Bery will take charge of her with utter devotion!”

Bery cut in, causing Bogan to smile wryly.

“……she will take care of anything you need. If there’s anything you’re not sure about just ask her.”

“Okay.”

“Now then, Bery, show Krische around.”

“Understood. Come this way Krische-sama.”

Krische glances at her unfinished tea and cookie, but held herself back, nodding and getting to her feet.

Watching her, Bery let out a small laugh and whispered to her, “Let’s have tea again in your room.”

Krische blushed at having been seen through, but still nodded a little.



* * *



After the two of them had left, Bogan took down a bottle from the shelf.

He also grabbed two glass cups and offered one to Gallen with a smile.

“……I’ve been abstaining lately.”

“It should be fine once in a while. Did you forget? Captain, you are the one who taught me how to drink.”

“Kuku, I’m not that senile yet.”

“Great……and it is not so bad to relax with a drink occasionally.”

Bogan poured a dark brown liquid into the cups. Smelling the alcohol, Gallen tilted his head.

“That’s new.”

“It is a drink from the south, they call it liquor. Try some.”

Gallen took a gulp and had to suppress a cough.

He had never experienced this sensation burning his throat.

The unique, rich smell stung his nose and it felt warm in his stomach.

“It’s not bad. But quite strong.”

“Apparently it is meant to be drunk after distilling with some water, but I like drinking it as it is. I had thought captain would like it better this way.”

“Ah, you’re right…… tastes expensive.”

“Yeah, well. But it really is not that expensive.”

Bogan also took a gulp, then let out a large sigh.

“Drinking has become a habit. This is all captain’s fault.”

“Even if I didn’t introduce you to drinking, you would’ve ended up like this sooner or later.

Gallen laughed and Bogan smiled back.

“……this reminds me of when I fought under you. Those times were good.”

“The standards of living was very different……and rather than that kind of muddy place, your current position fits you more.”

“General……huh. I had aspired to become one back then, but now I’m just crushed under the weight of the responsibility. If possible, I just wanted to keep fighting as your subordinate.”

Letting out a deep sigh, Bogan leaned back into the sofa.

“Perhaps I should retire like you, go to some remote place……”

“It’s not a bad life…… it really was, quite good. But peace can collapse in the blink of an eye…… I had forgotten that.”

“……captain, what will you do now?”

“Me?”

Gallen sank into thought, absentmindedly swirling the liquor in his glass around.

Bogan spoke up.

“Would you like to rejoin me as my adjutant? I have that power. Of course, that is only if you wish it, captain.”

“You’re telling me to go back to the battlefield?”

“I will not let that incident happen again…… I am the general now.”

That was back when Gallen was a soldier.

He had been ordered to burn down a village as an example for what happens to those who shelter the enemy.

Naturally, Gallen refused.

He insisted that only those involved should be punished.

His subordinates, including Bogan, had agreed――which might have made things worse.

Their superior at that time threatened to not only punish Gallen and his aide, Bogan, for disobeying orders, but also their soldiers.

Most of the soldiers were from poor villages, they joined the army to feed their families.

Disobeying orders is a heavy crime――the punishment was not just detention or expulsion from the army, depending on the situation, they could be executed.

――the soldiers or the village.

Weighing them against each other, in the end Gallen obeyed, then left the army shortly after.

“……that’s an unpleasant, a really unpleasant memory. I can still hear the screams and crying.”

He had let many escape. But there were still casualties.

How did they live after that, with their houses and foodstores burnt down.

Just imagining it made his heart hurt.

“I was weak, Bogan.”

“……captain, you are strong. Even when you left the army, that was to take responsibility and to protect us.”

“It’s natural for me to take responsibility. But…..that’s not all. I just, could not stand it anymore.”

Gallen sighed and continued.

“……this incident, might have been inevitable, karma from that time.”

“Captain……”

Bogan shook his head and stood up.

He patted Gallen on the shoulder and spoke.

“She will be lonely by herself. Returning to the army is just a suggestion. Even without doing that, you can stay here as long as you like.”

“……thanks. Let me think on it a little.”

“Of course, as long as you need. Are you going back to the village tomorrow?”

“Yeah.”

“Then relax for today. Please use the usual room.”

“……thank you.”

Gallen smiled faintly, the wrinkles in his face deepening.

-End-



* * *



Hard chapter, I’ll come back to this in the future once I’ve improved. Accuracy should be there but not satisfied with how much of the nuances I managed to capture.





U.E. C.8: Cooking


“Wah……”

Krische looked around with sparkling eyes.

The shelves are filled with pots, frying pans, knives and ladles.

These are common items but they are rich in variety and their high quality is visible at a glance.

The kitchen took up a whole room by itself and everything you needed for cooking is available.

Krische excitedly asked Bery about this and that and Bery patiently answered.

The facilities are all designed to use mana, no fire is used.

Blue crystals known as magic crystals are used for heating and cooling.

A pump is used to draw water from a well and send water through a pipe to this kitchen.

A refrigerator is used to delay the expiry of foodstuffs.

A kitchen designed around mana.

This was enough to destroy Krische’s very concept of cooking, in the past, all she had done was place a cutting board on the ground.

Krische was shocked by the extravagance of using a whole room just for cooking.

“Krische-sama must really like cooking. I did not expect you to want to see the kitchen first.”

“Eh, ah…… yes, I like, cooking.”

Krische finally realised how excited she had been acting and answered embarrassedly, fidgeting.

Her beautiful silver hair swayed with her movements as her white cheeks blushed red.

The sight of her large eyes wavering, surrounded by those long eyelashes was indescribably adorable and Bery could no longer hold herself back.

“Wah.”

Bery hugged Krische tightly, stroking her head.

“Ufufu, why are you so cute…… if there is anything you want to know, please ask me. Would you like to cook together?”

“Er……? Yes……”

Krische seemed to be okay with it so Bery enjoyed hugging her for a while before pulling away and putting a hand to her chin, falling into thought.

“Let’s see. I was planning to prepare dinner after showing you to your room…… but would Krische-sama like to join me?”

“Can I……?”

“Yes. It might be rude to make a guest help with the cooking…… but if Krische-sama wishes to help, I am in no position to refuse.”

“……th, then, Krische also, wants to cook.”

“Great, great! Then……I have Master’s permission today, so let’s make a grand dinner.”

“Okay.”

Krische nodded with a wide smile.



* * *



They cooked together, Bery teaching Krische how to use each piece of equipment along the way, but since Krische manipulated mana on a daily basis, she was quick to learn how to operate magic crystals for simple heating, impressing Bery. They briskly prepared the ingredients as Bery guided Krische.

Bery had a good environment and the chance to learn from books, her skill in cooking awed Krische.

Krische is self-taught and can make the most out of limited ingredients, but she lacks knowledge and everything is based on experience.

Bery taught Krische how to handle the ingredients and why while Krische readily absorbed the knowledge like water in desert sand.

Each shelf and table had been placed with careful consideration for efficient cooking and Bery made full use of them.

Not only that, Bery had abundant knowledge and talent, an excellent palate and spared no efforts in her cooking.

To Krische, Bery is an extremely good teacher.

Her explanations are clear and understandable while her handling of ingredients and knifework were like art.

Bery’s cooking is far beyond Krische’s, Krische quickly admitted that and grew attached to Bery.

To Bery, Krische is also a good student and her heart was stolen by the sight of Krische clutching a kitchen knife with glittering eyes.

By the time they had completed a few dishes, they had developed an extremely strong bond of trust between them and Bery loved Krische from the bottom of her heart.

“Is it delicious?”

“Yes, delicious……”

Taste-testing the meat in the soup, Krische smiled.

Bery nodded back with a smile.

“This is the result of preparing your ingredients properly. By giving the meat a quick sear before adding it to the soup, the delicious juices are locked into the meat. You will have to do it differently if you want to use it for stock though.”

“I see……”

“By cutting a small slit in hard vegetables like this, the soup will seep into it and they will become soft. Isn’t this completely different?”

“Yes, amazing……”

A stew with soft blocks of mutton, roast beef with a sour fruit sauce and bacon pizza with cheese and tomato baked in the oven.

The faint fragrance of the herbs used for seasoning tickled Krische’s nose, raising her expectations.

――she had never encountered such alluring food.

Guu, Krische’s stomach growled and she blushed. Bery smiled and said.

“It usually takes a little more time to prepare dinner, but thanks to Krische we are done early. Let’s eat before it goes cold.”

“Okay……”

Bery carried the pot of stew and a basket of bread, Krische brought the roast beef and pizza.

The kitchen is the furthest room on the left and the dining hall is two rooms away.

The dining room was furnished with a long table and eight chairs.

The room was not very large but it was still larger than the house Krische had lived in.

Setting the dishes, Krische laid out the cutlery with Bery.

“I will go inform them that dinner is ready. Please seat here and wait.”

“Okay.”

Krische sat down as Bery left the room, her posture straight and proper as she waited.

The room was warm, so the food would not go cold so quickly.

Krische could feel the saliva build up in her mouth but waited patiently, like a dog that had been told to wait. Soon, the door opened.

A beautiful blonde girl entered.

She had sharp eyebrows and her eyes were cat-like with a kind of strength behind them.

She had an elegantly straight nose and nicely shaped plump lips.

She was dressed in a gorgeous light blue one-piece dress and was fidgeting with her long hair with an unhappy expression.

She scowled upon seeing Krische, then looked away.

“Er……hello, I am Krische.”

“Ah, yeah.”

With just that, she sat down.

In the seat opposite Krische.

Is this the ‘Ojou-sama’ Bery mentioned? thought Krische.

Apparently that ojou-sama is strong-willed and did not like homely things like cooking, preferring to wield a sword and study combat tactics. Her goal is to succeed her father in the future.

Her age should be close to Krische’s, turning thirteen this year.

That girl is now looking at Krische sullenly with her arms crossed.

Unsure why she is unhappy, Krische checked her own outfit.

Maybe it is not appropriate to wear this apron thing during a meal?

Krische stood up and took off the apron, folding it neatly and placing it on her lap.

Watching her, the girl narrowed her eyes.

“Already earning points? Such a good girl.”

“……? Earning points?”

“Don’t get full of yourself just because you helped cook. As expected of someone from the countryside, so tenacious.”

What is she angry about?

Krische cocked her head, thinking.

“It seems Bery has taken quite a liking to you, but I’m against someone like you living here. You better understand that.”

Declaring that, the girl fell silent.

Krische thought about those words and considered her own position.

Krische is about to be treated to a meal and will definitely be living a much more enjoyable life than before.

But Bogan is the one providing for Krische.

That means that until now, this girl had been brought up by him and received all the benefits herself. But now her share of the pie had been reduced, no wonder she was not happy.

It’s like a pumpkin pie for three that she was going to eat alone and having one share stolen away.

‘Just because you helped cook’ must be criticising Krische’s small contribution.

She praised Krische as a ‘good girl’ for helping to cook, so that in itself is not a bad thing.

She must mean that Krische just has not contributed enough.

She is asking Krische for compensation equivalent to the share of the pie that had been taken from her.

With that understanding, Krische nodded.

“Okay. Then Krische will do her best to be accepted by Ojou-sama.”

“Huh……?”

In response to her blunt rejection, Krische had smiled.

Confused, the girl――Selene frowned at Krische with a dubious look.

Even though she had so rudely rejected this younger girl, she didn’t look upset at all, just showing a small smile.

That response was so unexpected Selene was dumbfounded.

As she was looking for and failing to find the words to respond with, the door opened and Bogan, Gallen and Bery entered.

“Oh, you’re early today Selene. Were you talking with Krische?”

“Y, Yes, Otou-sama. A little……”

Bogan tilted his head at Selene’s slightly sullen response.

But seeing how Krische is smiling, Bogan assumed that they had only just exchanged greetings.

Bogan had heard from Gallen that although she is not the type to show much emotion, Krische is a quiet, kind and hardworking girl.

They should be able to get along, thought Bogan happily.

“I see. Krische, she’s a headstrong girl, but please get along with her.”

“Yes, master.”

“Haha, no need to be so formal.”

Bogan laughed cheerfully as he sat at the head of the table and Gallen sat diagonal to him――on Krische’s right.

Bery poured wine and water for all of them and distributed the food before sitting on Krische’s left.

Seeing that, Selene’s mood grew worse.

Oblivious, Bogan raised his glass and declared.

“Let’s begin the meal…… to my respected mentor and his granddaughter.”

Seeing everyone else raise their glasses, Krische quickly followed and took a sip.

The unique sour and bitter taste of wine made Krische frown a little.

She had been taught not to be picky so she did not openly show it, but Krische did not like the wine.

Krische’s young tongue was not able too endure the bitterness to appreciate the complexity of wine.

Bery smiled as she watched Krische and poured a glass of juice for Krische.

Krische timidly accepted it and sipped the grape juice.

Bery watched her with an affectionate expression as they began their meal.

Normally servants would eat separately but this family did not care about such rules.

Krische reached for the pizza first, filling her small mouth.

She could feel the texture of the crispy base and melted cheese.

They had used plenty of cheese in making this sumptuous pizza and Krische was very satisfied with the taste of cheese filling her mouth.

Next is the soup. Then the roast beef.

Krische savoured them one by one, feeling the happiness of having both her tongue and stomach satisfied.

This is indisputably the most delicious food Krische has ever eaten.

Bery taught Krische a little about table manners, smiling as she watched Krische enjoying herself.

“Is it delicious?”

“……yes, very.”

“Fufu, it is thanks to Krische-sama helping. The soup is mostly made by Krische-sama too.”

“Ho?”

Bogan interjected curiously.

“Yes, she knows how to season, stew and is good at handling a kitchen knife…… I only taught her the recipe. She also mastered how to use magic crystals instantly.”

“K, Krische hardly…… Bery taught Krische a lot. Krische did not……”

She was self-taught but Krische had a good understanding of the basics of cooking and how to handle a kitchen knife.

Assured by that, Bery had only taught her the recipe and helped a little.

Bery meant what she said, but Krische did not agree.

Krische had always cooked through trial and error, the cooking this time was a complete unknown for her.

How many years would it take for her to produce such dishes herself?

To Krische, Bery is the grand existence that guided her to create such dishes.

Krische desperately denied it, not wanting to steal credit. But Bery smiled back at her.

“It is just a difference in knowledge. I was simply in a more fortunate environment. If Krische-sama and my positions were reversed, it would be different. It is because of Krischee-sama’s experience that such delicious dishes were created.”

“Er, but……”

“Hahaha, it must be true if Bery says that. Bery doesn’t compromise when it comes to cooking. Just accept the compliment.”

“……okay.”

Krische still did not agree but nodded for now, losing interest in that topic as she continued eating.

Every bite was bliss.

The flavours filling her mind numbed her thoughts.

“But the magic crystals too? She should have good senses but…… all of them?”

“Yes. There were some that are normally difficult to use, but it was simple for her.”

“……I see. She might have a talent for that too.”

Krische continued eating, letting Bogan and Bery’s conversation go in one ear and out the other.

But then――

“Thanks for the meal!”

Selene suddenly slammed the table and stood up.

Slightly surprised by the sudden sound, Krische looked up at her.

Selene glared back at Krische.

Then without a word, she ripped the door open and stalked out.

“……haa, that girl. Sorry about her, she’s been like that lately.”

Bogan muttered.

“It’s my fault for being too busy with work and not spending time with her. She’s been feeling lonely…… I hope that having someone of similar age like you around will be good for her. If possible, could I ask you to be her conversation partner?”

“Yes, if you are okay with Krische.”

“……thanks.”

Gallen smiled at his granddaughters response and continued eating silently.

“Now then, let’s continue our meal…… Bery, I’ll check in on her later.”

“Yes, Master. Then I shall bring some tea.”

“Aah, thanks.”



* * *



The next day, Gallen returned with the trading cart to the village.

Krische was left behind alone and began her life in the Christand house.

Even from Krische’s point of view, Bery is a really skilled person.

As the person who has taken care of cleaning and maintaining the wide estate and prepared the meals by herself, Bery is skilled in many fields. Apparently she was also a former noble and is quite knowledgeable, she is able to provide answers to most of Krische’s questions.

Bery is Selene’s aunt.

She is the much younger step-sister of Bogan’s late wife, Lazura. When Bogan wed Lazura, he had also hired Bery as a servant.

Bery looked to be in her late teens, but apparently she is in her twenties.

According to Bery, people with mana and have learnt to manipulate it tend to age slower.

“We will stop here for today.”

“Really?”

“Yes. It is better to clean moderately. If you do it everyday, it can damage the building and is too much work.”

Krische voluntarily helped Bery with her work, delighting Bery.

Krische also likes keeping things neat and clean.

She enjoys chores like laundry and also considered helping Bery a natural thing to do, compensation for learning cooking from her.

The difference in their cooking knowledge grew smaller day by day.

Bery held nothing back, demonstrating her skills and granting Krische her knowledge.

Krische had thought she could catch up to Bery’s skill in the near future, but Bery is a perfectionist like Krische, attempting to create new flavours everyday.

Krische rates Bery highly for this desire for self-improvement and not being satisfied with her current state.

A person’s tastes changes based on their condition and mood.

Though there might be a perfect dish for a certain day, there is nothing that you can eat everyday without getting sick of it. Being much more skilled than others in many ways, it is this side of cooking that fascinates Krische.

And Bery is also fascinated by the same thing.

In Krische’s mind, Bery is already her comrade and also her forerunner.

Krische’s opinion of Bery keeps rising with no sign of stopping, by now Krische’s life is completely centered around Bery――she spends her days following Bery around.

Naturally, Bery’s heart was stolen by this girl that is so attached to her.

Since their relationship is centered around food, which Krische easily gets embarrassed about, Bery’s impression of Krische is of a shy girl.

As the only person that can see Krische’s cute side on a daily basis, Bery found Krische to be a little unusual but a really adorable girl.

Bery had noticed early on that Krische has above average intelligence and thinks slightly differently, but that did not change her opinion of Krische.

Part of it is because Bery had heard of Krische’s situation in the village and knew of her pitiable circumstances, so she pampered Krische such that Krische could have peace of mind.

And Krische did not grow spoilt from this pampering, making Bery’s opinion of Krische rise endlessly.

As a perfectionist, Krische spared no effort to ‘compensate’ goodwill towards herself.

The more she was pampered, the harder she worked to compensate Bery.

Like a newborn chick, she stuck to Bery, doing her best to ‘help’. Cute is the only word to describe it.

“Now then, it is too early to start preparing dinner. Shall we have some tea?”

“……tea.”

“Fufu, actually…… I baked some cookies in the oven earlier. I would like Krische-sama to judge them for me.”

“Cookies……”

Krische blushed.

Krische loves sweets.

But Krische found it improper and embarrassing to indulge in them. This is because while eating them, there is an obvious drop in Krische’s intelligence.

But for Bery, Krische getting absorbed in sweets is just adorable.

Wanting to see that side of Krische, Bery took every opportunity to feed her sweets.

Krische was terrified of becoming addicted to sweets and has made the very painful decision of refusing a few times, but her enemy is formidable. Bery started feeding Krische under the guise of taste-testing.

If the purpose is taste-testing, as someone who strives to perfect cooking, Krische could not refuse.

Knowing this, Bery used it to feed Krische sweets.

“Could you help me taste-test, Krische-sama? I tried adding plenty of honey today.”

“Plenty, uu……”

“Come on, I’ve prepared it in your room.”

In the end, Krische loses to desire every time.

Krische is serious and diligent, but she works too hard.

It’s important to take breaks thought Bery initially, but lately she just wants to see Krische shyly nibbling on cookies.

In less then a week, they relationship had become sugary sweet. Krische and Bery’s relationship is great and there are no problems between them, but there is still a problem.

“…………”

“Oh, Ojou-sama. Krische-sama and I are about to have some tea, would you like to join us?”

Selene.

Selene glared at Krische as she rejected the offer.

“Unlike that girl I’m busy…… and you, don’t come today. You’re a nuisance.”

Krische has been visiting Selene’s room everyday.

Bluntly honest, Krische has been visiting Selene every night saying ‘Krische has been told to talk to Ojou-sama’, but naturally, with poor results.

Krische is always turned away by an exasperated Selene. So far it is Krische complete defeat.

“But, we……”

“I’m saying I have nothing to talk about with you.”

“Ca, calm down……”

Bery pacified her and changed the topic.

“Since Belna-sama has left, I thought this would be a good time.”

“……haa. Otou-sama is going to give me sword training. I have no time for tea.”

Home tutors visit this estate everyday to teach Selene.

Today was the history teacher, yesterday was math and law the day before.

When her father is around and available, sword training.

It is not a lie when she says she is busy.

Selene is an overly serious hard worker, and that grew even more pronounced ever since her mother passed away.

She is currently aiming to succeed her father in the army, leading to many arguments with Bery, straining their relationship.

“……I see. Please, be careful not to get hurt.”

“Injury is part of training.”

Saying that, Selene turned away and descended the stairs.

“……am I saying too much? But she is not a man, seeing ojou-sama wield a sword makes me worry……”

Bery let out a small sigh.

“The Christand family is a military family. I know it is thanks to that that we can live in this splendid estate. But, I do not believe ojou-sama needs to follow that tradition.”

It sounded as if she was confessing her inner thoughts.

Krische was suddenly reminded of her mother.

“……Krische’s kaa-sama also said the same things as Bery-san. She was worried that Krische was going for sword practice.”

“Really?”

“Yes.”

They entered Krische’s room and prepared tea.

The cookies were still warm and the sweet scent of freshly baked cookies wafted in the air.

Krische clenched her mouth shut, trying not to let it relax into a smile.

“But Krische believes that in the end, that is all you can rely on. At the very least, it was very useful for Krische.”

“……Krische-sama.”

Remembering what happened to Krische’s village, Bery lowered her eyes.

“……I guess my opinion is that of someone in a safe place. I am sorry if I offended you.”

Krische shook her head in response.

Training for battle is important and necessary, but society is built upon more than that.

People who like the sword tend to be more emotional than other people.

They are more assertive, short tempered and violent.

They are important, but their nature is the direct opposite of the workers that form the foundation of village life. When there is no conflict, they are more of a minus that disturbs the peace.

Krische believes that in that sense, people who think like Bery are perfect as a brake and are indispensable.

Generally, Krische likes stability.

Thanks to her parents, Krische has a good understanding of the importance of rules and regulations and dislikes those that disturb the peace. She learnt the sword mainly to protect this stability.

So Krische does not like conflict, which reduces productivity and rather than fighters, Krische values people like Bery more.

“Krische thinks the sword is necessary to protect your home, but that is because there are people like Bery-san and Kaa-sama. Krische thinks both ojou-sama and Bery are not wrong.”

Bery widened her eyes, then smiled gently.

“……thank you very much. Krische-sama is young, but you have thought things through.”

“Krische is still……far from perfect.”

Saying that, Krische looked at the cookies.

Feeling the saliva build up in her mouth, she blushed as her own immodesty.

Bery giggled, then offered one to Krischee.

“There is a lot, so I will need you to taste-test a lot.”

“A lot……”

Taking one, Krische filled her small mouth.

Bery had baked the cookies small enough for Krische to eat them in one mouthful.

Feeling the sweetness of the honey spread through her mouth as she bit into the crispy cookie, Krische smiled in bliss.

“Fufu, I still cannot really tell if Krische-sama is already mature, or still a small child.”

Saying that, Bery laughed softly.

-End-



* * *



Yes, Bery gave wine to ten and thirteen year old girls.





U.E. C.9: Selene and Bery


Krische and Berry enjoyed their cookies and tea as they watched the training in the sunny lawn below through the window.

Bogan loosely held his sword at his side in his right hand while Selene braced her sword in front of herself with both hands.

Selene’s stance is solid and sturdy, far better compared to others of similar age that Krische has seen.

She is comparable to the village’s sword instructors, the former soldiers, but not quite at Zaal’s level. Around there? Krische analysed.

They faced off for a while, then Selene tensed slightly――and stepped forward in one smooth motion.

Her blade swung down diagonally in a sharp motion――but it was a feint.

Making use of her small build, she sank low and thrust forward.

She stretched her flexible body making the tip of the blade reach further than you would expect.

But Bogan dodged it by pulling back half a step and countered.

Selene twisted her body and blocked with her sword. Their swords were real, just with dulled blades, they were much heavier than wooden swords.

Frowning at the impact, Selene pushed back.

Bogan only held his sword with one hand and Selene managed to knock it away and step closer――but that was Bogan’s ploy.

He let her knock away his own sword and used that momentum to turn and dodge Selene’s thrust.

He then stepped behind her and thrust the tip of his sword to the back of her neck.

“……I lost.”

“Mhm, the first movement was good. But you were too anxious to end the bout. That’s why your attacks were simple and you fell for my ploy.”

Bogan is a large man, but his swordsmanship is surprisingly refined.

He does not rely on strength to deflect his opponent’s blade.

Of course it is also partly because his opponent is Selene, but his movements are refined with no sign of roughness.

It was quite different from what Zaal called the sword of the battlefield.

“……Krische. How about it, would you like to try too?”

“……!”

Bogan invited Krische who had been looking at them through the window, making Selene grimace.

“I’ve heard about you from your ojii-san. I would like to see it for myself…… and it will be good stimulus for Selene.”

“Otou-sama.”

Krische saw Selene glaring at her, but decided that she could not refuse Bogan’s request.

Especially since she has not been able to fulfill Bogan’s request to ‘talk to Selene’, she could not let Bogan’s opinion of Krische drop any further.

“Yes, master.”

“……Krische-sama.”

Bery looked at Krische worriedly. Krische looked back, tilting her head in question.

Then she realised why Bery was worried and nodded.

“Krische will not get hurt or hurt him, so it is okay.”

“Er……okay……?”

Krische’s words were so confident that Bery was bewildered.



* * *



Having enjoyed their cookies and tea, Krische went downstairs with Bery to the garden.

Selene’s mood seemed to have grown even worse and she glared at Krische, but did not say anything.

Urged by Bogan, she handed her practice sword to Krische then went to lean against a wall with her arms crossed.

Krische checked how the long sword felt in her hand.

It was slightly heavy and the blade is long, making the center of gravity quite far out.

Since Krische controlled her body using mana, strength is not a problem, but balance is a large problem.

When she swings a sword, her small body can be dragged in that direction and she can lose her balance.

The wooden sword she usually used was not this heavy and the sword she had borrowed from the bandits was a small curved sword.

This long sword only had it’s blade dulled and is still slightly difficult for Krische to wield.

“It’s the same kind that soldiers’ use, so it might be a little heavy but it’s what we use for training. Can you handle it?”

“Can I do a few practice swings?”

“Yeah, of course.”

Krische casually swung the sword.

She lost her balance and frowned.

She adjusted her footwork, stepping in the direction the sword is pulling her, but the sword is still quite heavy.

Seeing how sharp Krische’s swings were, Bogan’s eyes widened, as did Selene’s.

But with every swing, Krische lost her balance, ruining it.

Bogan considered changing to a lighter sword for her while Selene looked somewhat relieved.

But Krische’s clumsiness was temporary.

If her body is going to be dragged along, then just follow the sword.

Krische gave up trying to maintain her stance and entrusted her body to the weight of the blade.

“……this is”

Bogan muttered to himself.

Krische held herself low and swung the sword horizontally, using her forward leg as an axis to spin her body around.

Her blade drew circles as Krische danced.

Occasionally, she made sharp thrusts, slashed upwards and swung down.

She switched from her right hand to her left hand to holding it backhanded.

Krische’s acrobatic swordsmanship pursued only efficiency and was being refined at an astonishing speed.

When the blade storm, when Krische’s danced finally stopped, Bogan was frowning with a serious expression and Selene was stunned into a daze.

Only Bery smiled in relief and applauded her.

“Amazing, Krische-sama, it was like a martial artist’s sword dance.”

Krische could understand the characteristics of a weapon, derive the logic behind its movements and refine it into technique.

She eliminated inefficiencies and simply looked for the most efficient movements.

She has already perfected the concept of battle, the type of weapon is a trivial matter.

To her it was natural――this was simply warm up.

“……? Thank you very much……”

Not sure why she was praised, Krische cocked her head and thanked Bery.

Krische has a tendency of taking things that are ‘natural for her’ lightly and does not see much value in them.

This thinking is the root of her distorted virtue of always returning more than what was received.

Krische put it out of her mind and checked the condition of her body.

Because she has not moved like this in a while, her joints hurt.

Although Krische does not experience muscle pain, moving her body strains it.

Her cheeks were slightly flushed and her breathing was a little rough.

“……wow, so this is a genius? I understand what captain meant now…… Krische, could I ask for a bout?”

“Yes, sorry to have kept you waiting.”

Krische spun the sword around in her hand, getting used to it and settled into a relaxed stance.

She is outside of his reach. Krische always takes the most effective stance for the situation.

She looked defenseless, just standing there, but Bogan could see that there were no weak spots at all. He raised his empty left hand before him and turned side-on towards Krische.

A battlefield sword style known as the Rolka style uses a shield in the left hand to deflect the opponent’s sword and make him lose his balance while striking with the sword in the right hand. This style does not lose its strength even when the left hand is empty.

In this case, the left hand is used to grab the opponent’s hand or body if there is the chance, serving as bait for the opponent’s sword and making sure the opponent does not get too close.

Krische observed that unfamiliar stance with cold, inhuman eyes.

She considered the strengths and weaknesses of that stance and thought about how to defeat it.

If she targeted the outstretched left hand, Bogan would pull his hand back and knock away Krische’s sword with his.

But if she closed the distance and aimed for his torso, his left hand would be free to catch Krische.

Krische could see the ‘floofy thing’――the thing Bogan called mana, around his body, so there will not be that much of a difference in the speed of their blades.

As long as Bogan did not move, his stance could not be broken with a single attack.

Coming to that conclusion, Krische continued her planning while waiting for Bogan to move.

Bogan also sensed that it was dangerous for him to approach her carelessly.

Krische’s eyes were clear like the surface of a calm lake.

Her eyes would not miss his slightest movement and her composure felt like that of an old veteran’s.

Bogan has an overwhelming advantage in reach.

For Krische to land a deciding blow on Bogan, she would naturally need to step in closer than Bogan.

Since that is her greatest weakness, Bogan could not make the first move.

If Bogan stepped forward, that would make it easier for Krische to get in range.

“……mu.”

Krische started walking defenselessly.

She moved clockwise around Bogan, drawing an arc.

Is she trying to disturb my stance?

Bogan pondered her intentions while maintaining his stance, keeping Krische in front of him.

Krische finally made a her move when she was close to the estate’s wall.

She stepped in and swung the sword in her left hand horizontally.

She was aiming for Bogan’s left arm.

She displayed flexibility and agility that was unimaginable from her.

Her body was supple like a whip and all her strength was channeled into her sword――generating terrifying speed.

But Bogan calmly kept track her sword.

He had seen how fast she could move and swing her sword, this is within his expectations.

Did she get impatient? Bogan pulled his left arm back and regained the initiative.

He knocked Krische’s sword aside with his own――and in that instant, he realised he was mistaken.

There was no resistance from her sword as he knocked it away. She followed the swords momentum, turning away from Bogan.

Krische landed on the wall and kicked off, doing a back flip over Bogan’s head and landing like a cat.

“……!”

But Bogan is an experienced fighter.

He instantly understood he was disadvantaged and intentionally fell backwards.

“Ah……”

This is a training bout. She couldn’t cut him.

Krische slowed her sword so that she could stop it in time, leading to it merely pass before Bogan’s eyes.

And the tip of Bogan’s blade was already at Krische’s throat.

“Uuu……I lost.”

Krische had aimed to win and blushed at her own defeat, but had no choice but to admit it.

Hearing Krische’s relaxed voice, the two watching let out the breaths they had been holding.

Bogan sighed as he lowered his sword.

Borrowing Krische’s hand, Bogan stood up.

“I had thought I could win with that method……but it did not work.”

“……no, it did.”

If she had a sword that matched her better.

Or if this was not a simple bout and was a real fight.

――I would probably have been killed by this girl.

Bogan felt a chill run down his spine.

As a weak noble, Bogan had built his career on his sword and rose through the ranks to become a general, he had confidence in his own strength.

He had not intended to hold back and even used physical enhancement in the bout against Krische.

But she had calculated that she could win and acted.

Krische’s abnormality could not be described by natural genius. Seeing it for himself, Bogan understood why she had been expelled from the village.

On the other hand, Krische did not consider such excuses.

They used the same sword and were under the same conditions to stop before hurting the opponent. It was a fair match.

She believed that she had been defeated simply because she was still inexperienced and blushed.

Krische frowned slightly as she handed Bogan the sword, messaging her wrists and elbows.

“Do they hurt?”

“……not really, just a little because I have not moved this much in a while……it is not an injury.”

“……Bery, take a look at her. The sword must’ve been too heavy.”

“Y, yes…… Krische-sama, let us go to your room.”

Krische followed Bery back into the estate.

Selene watched her leave with her fists clenched tight, trembling.

I thought it would be good stimulus for her, but this might’ve been too much, thought Bogan as he scratched his head awkwardly.

Krische was too abnormal to simply be stimulus for her.

“There are exceptional cases like her in this world. Don’t let it weigh on your mind.”

Selene relaxed the tension in her shoulders and calmed her breathing, then snatched the sword that Krische had been using from Bogan.

“……otou-sama, one more round please.”

Selene’s sword was even wilder this time, as if channeling the raging emotions within.



* * *



“Are you ready?”

“Yes, Krische can begin anytime.”

Krische and Selene faced each other under the moonlight.

After returning to her room, Bery had bandaged Krische and then they prepared dinner.

Bery had told Krische to rest but gave in when Krische insisted on cooking, so they prepared dinner together like usual.

Selene did not come down for dinner, so the remaining three had dinner after Bery brought Selene’s dinner to her room.

During the meal, Bogan asked Krische about how she learnt her swordsmanship, interrogating her about each and every detail of her time in the village, only to be lectured by Bery for his rapid-fire questions and they ended their meal peacefully.

After dinner, they bathed.

Most homes would not have a bath, but public baths exists and upper class homes like the Christand estate have a bath.

Although it did not quite take up an entire room, it was large enough for two, three people to enter at the same time, awing Krische with the sheer extravagance of it when she first saw it.

Krische is so much of a clean freak that she bathes in the river everyday, even in winter.

Krische has taken a liking to this bath where she can clean herself with warm water and then relax and soak in it.

Except for when he is out for work, Bogan goes first, then Selene.

After that is Krische’s turn, but Krische bathes with Bery.

At first it was so that Bery could explain to Krische how to use the bath, but Krische really enjoyed being washed by Bery and it naturally led to them bathing together.

After their bath, they enjoyed some tea in Krische’s room, then Krische headed to Selene’s room.

Bogan had requested for her to ‘talk to Selene’, so it is Krische’s duty to fulfill it.

Krische believes it is natural to fulfill the requests of her guardian, Bogan, who is providing this environment for her and felt no doubts about doing this.

Since she has strong expectations for herself to be superior, she believes it is natural to be able to fulfill his request and felt pathetic that she still cannot do it.

Both Bogan and Bery are impressed by Krische for not giving up despite being chased away with cold words every time, but Krische’s standard is always herself.

They told her there is no need to force herself, but she still stubbornly visited Selene’s room today.

Selene seemed to be expecting Krische and today, instead of her usual sleepwear, she was dressed in her training clothes.

Sitting on a chair with her arms crossed, the first thing she said when she saw Krische was.

“Could you join me for a bout?”

Since Krische was looking for an opportunity to ‘talk’, she had no reason to refuse and that leads to the current situation.

Bery anxiously watched over them and Selene was gripping her sword too hard.

Selene had learnt the same physical enhancement that Bogan uses, but from what Krische observed, there is a lot of inefficiencies in the movements of her mana.

Selene is much weaker than Bogan, but she asked for a bout, so she must be asking for training, Krische came to that conclusion and honestly said what she was thinking.

“Ojou-sama, you are gathering too much mana around your right hand and left leg.”

By looking at the concentration of mana, Selene clearly intends to leap forward with her left leg and slash diagonally.

Krische could easily predict her movements.

“……haa?”

Selene grimaced, blushing.

Was it hard to understand? Krische chose to use the simpler words she usually used.

“Er……there is not enough of the ‘floofy thing’ to escape backwards. In that case you can only use it to step forward……like this.”

Krische stepped forward in a smooth motion and swung her sword towards Selene’s neck.

Bery screamed, but the sword stopped right before Selene’s neck and a moment later, Selene leapt backwards.

Selene uses a standard stance with the sword held in front and right leg forward.

The left leg behind can be used to move forward but is hard to use for dodging backwards.

“That will lead to losing in one move. But――”

Feeling the ‘floof’ move to Selene’s right leg, Krische stepped in again.

This time Selene dodged backwards before Krische’s sword could reach her.

“By moving the ‘floof’ to your forward leg, you can dodge the first attack.”

“Y, you……who do you think you are!”

Selene stepped forward this time.

Krische saw through her motions and did not move, letting Selene’s sword cut air, then thrust her sword to Selene’s throat and smiled.

“This time is the opposite. There is not enough ‘floof’ around the leg you used to step forward. Also you are tensing up and negating the strength of the ‘floof’.”

Selene made a large leap backwards.

From that short exchange, there was already beads of sweat on Selene’s forehead.

“The ‘floof’ is like very strong muscles, so you have relax your body. Trying to use your own muscles just gets in the way of the ‘floof’s’ movements, so Krische is always fully relaxed.”

“What, are you……”

Constructing imaginary muscles.

Physical enhancement using mana can be summed up with those words, by wrapping semi-physical mana around your body, you can control it and replace the stretching and contractions of muscles with mana.

This way, there is no need to tense up and using real muscles often gets in the way of the movements of the imaginary muscles.

But momentary tensing and stiffening of muscles happen subconsciously.

It is impossible to completely avoid and all masters that have come infinitely close to achieving this have spent their whole life training.

Selene knows that is how to theoretically achieve the perfected form of physical enhancement, but this girl that is not so different in age had easily demonstrated it.

A user of physical enhancement that has perfectly removed all inefficiencies can move exactly as they imagine.

Like a puppet controlled by their thoughts through mana.

Krische is completely relaxed with no stiffening or tension in her body.

“……? Krische is Krische.”

“That’s not what I’m, asking!”

Selene stepped forward.

This girl is something unknown.

She easily dodged Selene’s best attack and politely explained what was wrong with it.

Krische saw through Selene’s mistakes, explaining them like she was pointing out problems in a formula.

It was like she was observing Selene from an overwhelming height.

――Selene’s parents had wished for a son.

Bogan wished for an heir and so did her mother.

It is normal for nobles to wish for a son and even more so for a military family.

Of course, she was still loved and Selene was in no way dissatisfied with their love for her.

As first. Selene picked up the sword so that her parents could entrust the family name to her with peace of mind.

She worked quite hard and was said to be talented in her generation――but it was also said, ‘if only she is a man’.

Her parents told her there is no need to force herself, but Selene was infuriated.

Her parents still wished for a son, a second child and consulted a doctor about their infertility.

Her mother finally became pregnant with a second child, but her body was already weak in the first place, it ended in a stillbirth and after developing puerperal fever, her mother passed away.

Selene believed that if she had been born a man, this would not have happened.

Selene had heard of Krische from Gallen a few times.

Although Gallen could not use physical enhancement, he was her father’s former superior and his swordsmanship was wonderful, he was also good at teaching. Selene had begged a reluctant Gallen to teach her and during their breaks, Gallen had mentioned his granddaughter a few times.

A girl of similar age to Selene is already unbeatable not only by those of her age but also the adult men and is feared by the men. Even Gallen was not sure if he could beat her.

Gallen had been talking about being worried for Krische’s future, but Selene remembers Bogan voicing his interest to meet the girl that his captain calls a genius.

Selene worked even harder.

She did not want to admit that there was a girl better than her and wanted to believe that she also had the strength to defeat adults.

That’s why she felt very anxious when she heard that Bogan was adopting that girl because she had killed more than ten bandits and could no longer stay in the village.

Admitting Krische is superior would be like admitting her efforts until now was pointless.

Selene would be admitting that in the end, she is just a normal girl. She could not admit that a girl of similar age was better, she could not accept it.

But the girl right here, has clearly demonstrated it.

Selene swung her sword. Krische dodged. Krische pointed out Selene’s mistakes.

Krische made enough space or counter attacked to stop Selene from attacking a second time.

It was all Selene could do to dodge, she could only stare at those inhuman purple eyes as Krische used the timing when their swords could not reach each other to quickly point out Selene’s mistakes.

Those words were from a much higher position.

She precisely explained the problems that Selene had felt subconsciously, but could not identify the reasons behind.

Selene did not want to listen, but still heard them and almost subconsciously made corrections, surprising and vexing herself at the same time.

Selene just kept moving.

No matter how many times her attack failed, Selene kept moving.

Dodge, receive, attack.

But that did not last for long.

She finally reached the limits of her stamina and could no longer hold back her tears of frustration.

“Er…… are you okay?”

“Hic, sh, shut, up……”

Krische was dumbfounded when Selene suddenly crouched down and started crying.

Was I too strict? Krische considered that, but Krische had been teaching extremely kindly by Krische’s standards. Although Selene might be grateful, there is no reason for her to cry.

For now, Krische put down her sword and with no hesitation, hugged Selene.

The best way to deal with crying children is to give them a hug.

Krische applied what she had learnt.

Naturally, Selene struggled, but Krische did not let go.

Instead, Krische gently stroked Selene’s head as she cried.

Bery hovered around them, but chose to stay on the sidelines.

She could see that Krische was trying to comfort Selene.

“Sto, stop it, why, do you……”

“Krische learnt from Kaa-sama to do this for crying children. Krische does not really understand why ojou-sama is crying though.”

Krische declared that as she continued stroking Selene’s head, ignoring her struggles.

Eventually Selene gave up struggling and relaxed into Krische’s arms.

“Krische has not been able to talk to ojou-sama at all, so if possible Krische would like ojou-sama to stop crying so we can talk. We cannot talk while you are crying and it would be such a waste to not be able to talk today.”

“Talk……?”

“Yes, Krische wanted to talk to ojou-sama. It has been a week, yet we have not talked at all.”

Selene sniffed.

“That’s stupid. Talk, what do you even want to talk about……”

“Ah.”

Krische blushed.

“I didn’t think of that.”

Selene looked at Krische in surprise, tears still streaming down her face, and asked.

“……you, after coming to me so much this week and then be treated that way, don’t you hate me?”

“……? Krische does not remember being treated badly.”

“Just how carefree are you……”

“Carefree……?”

Krische cocked her head in confusion. Selene sniffled, then sighed.

“Haa……now I feel ridiculous. I feel so stupid for being so stubborn……”

“Krische thinks Ojou-sama studies a lot and is very smart though.”

“That’s not what I mean, aah, never mind……”

It is cold outside.

Krische is starting to want to go back inside and looked towards Bery.

Bery looked confused for a moment, then smiled and picked up the swords, calling to them to go back inside.

Krische nodded and picked up Selene in her arms.

“Wh, what are you doing, let me go, I can walk by myself……”

“Fufu, Krische-sama, please carry ojou-sama to her room. I will clean up and then come up. It is a bit late, but I will bring some tea.”

“Okay……”

Krische nodded with a smile and headed back to Selene’s room with Selene struggling in her arms.

Bery’s request is more important to Krische than Selene.



* * *



Perhaps because she was seen crying or because she was carried back, Selene was sulking after they got back to her room, burying her bright red face under the blankets.

Bery dragged her out by force, distributed the leftover cookies from lunch and brewed tea, setting up a small night tea party.

While they drank the sweetened tea, Krische reviewed the training they had just done, unable to think of anything else to talk about. Selene was unwilling but still listened.

No matter how Selene felt, Krische’s explanation is clear and simple.

Selene is passionate about the sword and could not stay indifferent.

Soon she started asking questions and eventually those questions turned to how Krische learned those skills and how her life was like.

Krische answered matter-of-factly, not showing any emotion, but her story made Selene imagine what Krische must have felt. Feeling guilty, Selene explained about herself and why she treated Krische badly, then apologised sincerely.

Krische felt there was nothing for Selene to apologise for but Selene insisted and they continued back and forth for a while.

Smiling wryly, Bery threw both of them into the same bed, telling them to continue in bed.

Obtaining a nice, warm body pillow to hug, Krische quickly fell asleep. Selene watched her with an exasperated expression, but was tired and quickly fell asleep.



* * *



“……this girl.”

When Selene woke up the next morning, Krische was still blissfully asleep.

Watching her, Selene once again felt that she had been ridiculous and smiled wryly as she stroked Krische’s head.

Krische’s eyes opened slightly, she rubbed them sleepily then greeted Selene sleepily.

“Good morning, ojou-sama.”

“Just call me Selene.”

“Selene……?”

“……yes. It’s still early, you can sleep a little longer.”

“Oka……”

When Selene petted Krische’s head again, Krische hugged Selene and quickly returned to her blissful slumber.

As Selene listened to Krische’s breathing, she fell asleep, oversleeping for the first time in a while. They slept until Bery woke them up with a wry smile.

Selene and Bery.

This is how Krische met these two people, whom she will have a long relationship with.

-End-





U.E. C.10: Ten Thousand Pumpkin Shopping


The technical difference between villages and towns is the presence of a town office administered by nobles. The town office collects taxes, conducts public works and manages the population.

Indiscriminately letting people live in town would quickly lead to the deterioration of security.

Since nobles live in towns, that must be avoided. Excessive increase in population would also lead to a lack of land and other resources.

So the town office controls the flow of people and resultingly, the majority of people living in town are merchants or artisans.

This is because living in town requires a strict review by the town office and the usual method of getting through it is to rely on the merchant or artisan guild.

People from the countryside that wish to live in town would usually become the apprentice of a merchant or an artisan.

Even though Krische has been adopted by the great Christand family――the margrave and general in charge of the north, she still has to go through the formalities. So Krische has come to the town office with Bery and Selene to do the paperwork.

Bogan could have written a short note and gotten someone to deliver it, but it is better for Krische to meet the officials since she will be living in town.

That is the main reason she is visiting the town office.

Krische is still learning how to write, but she has learnt how to sign.

She signed a few documents after Bery explained them to her and that was it, the paperwork at the town office did not take long.

Their main objective today lies elsewhere.

“Now then, next is the blacksmiths.”

“Haa……we could just go at a later date.”

“It takes a while to make and she’ll be troubled if she needs it while its not ready. You saw it too. Her swordsmanship is not normal. She should have a proper sword of her own.”

This trip was for the paperwork and to buy ingredients for dinner.

Selene had taken time off to accompany them so she could bring Krische to the blacksmiths.

Selene could not accept that Krische had such skill but not own a sword. She is skilled enough that the general, Bogan Christand said he only won through luck.

So naturally, Selene wants to give her a sword that suits her and Bery could not strongly oppose her.

It is even harder to object considering Selene made time in her busy schedule to spend with Krische――Bery had long wished for Selene to take more breaks, she was working too hard. Taking that into account, Bery gave in.

Krische is a domestic girl that enjoys housework, especially cooking.

Her swordsmanship is wonderful, but Bery is not comfortable with letting such a girl wield a sword. But Krische herself did not seem to mind either way and was not particularly against it.

As a result, Bery reluctantly agreed and let Selene do as she wished

Dressed in a red one-piece dress, Selene led the way. On the other hand, Krische was dressed in a white one-piece that was handed down from Selene, following while holding Bery’s hand.

They walked for a while, going through a few alleys before arriving at the blacksmiths district which mainly consisted of brick buildings.

There is no precisely established district, but blacksmiths are noisy and naturally gather at the outskirts of the town.

Even without that, artisans usually have many connections with each other and tend to live close together.

This is because even the task of making a sword is divided into the work of crafting the blade, making the sheath, making leather for the sheath and the fine details, all done by different experts.

“We’re going in there. This blacksmith is skilled and is otou-sama’s long time acquaintance. This is also where my sword was made.”

They arrived at a two-story brick building.

Blacksmiths deal with fire and their homes are usually fire-resistant brick buildings. The first floor is usually the store and workshop while the second floor is their living quarters.

This building is not an exception to that.

As Selene pulled open the simple door, Krische could see countless swords displayed carelessly.

Some were hung up on the walls while the others were just leaning against the wall or in barrels, too crude to really call it a ‘display’.

Bery likes things neat and looked slightly astonished by the sight.

There was a young man at the counter, yawning. But he quickly straightened up upon seeing them.

“Wel, welcome! What do you need today, Selene ojou-sama?”

“Is the master in? I want him to make a sword for this girl.”

“That ojou-sama……?”

The slender, but muscular young man asked with his eyes locked on Krische.

There were rumours in town that the Christands had adopted a daughter and he had heard that she was as beautiful as Selene.

But he had not expected her beautiful silver hair and clear, white skin.

She was emotionless, like a doll, and her fae-like beauty did not feel real.

He was unable to hide his surprise at her beauty that exceeded the rumours. But it was just as clear that he was confused by the combination of this girl and swords.

“Yes, she’s Krische. She will be a regular customer.”

“Haa……I will call for him.”

The young man left through a door to the back of the store.

They could hear him shout, “Dad, it’s the Christand ojou-sama!”, but they could also hear the sound of metal striking metal.

This will take a while, Selene thought as she turned to Krische.

The sound of metal means he is working.

Since he is working with heated metal, he can’t stop immediately.

And it will also take some time for him to tidy himself up.

“Krische, take this time to think about what kind of sword you want. You have preferences right?”

“Preferences?”

“It looked difficult for you to wield the training sword, so order something that suits you and is easier to use. I also had my sword designed to be lighter and specialised for thrusting.”

Krische did not have any particular preferences as long as it works.

If you could kill with it, anything is fine. The shape was not important as long as it was made of steel.

In that sense, she had no preferences for weapons. But after seeing the collection of amazing cooking implements in the kitchen the other day, her thinking had changed.

Most dishes can be made with just a kitchen knife and a pot.

But if you wanted to make high-class dishes like Bery does, that would not suffice.

The proper cookware is required to make those wonderful dishes and it is because of such specialised tools that those artistic dishes could be created.

Krische had experienced a shock when she first saw Bery’s cooking and could now understand the meaning behind Selene’s words.

If that is the case for cooking, it is the same for swords.

She would need something good to be better at killing.

Something versatile, sturdy and easy to use.

The sharper it is, the better. It would also be nice to have something light so that there is less strain on her body and she is not tired out too easily.

Krische randomly picked up a nearby sword.

It was a thick longsword. It seems sturdy but is heavy and is more suited to chopping than cutting.

It is not bad for hacking through armour, but it is inefficient.

By aiming for weak spots, even light cuts with a knife can easily kill a human, so this is too excessive.

Recalling her own experience and Grace’s death, Krische put down the sword.

“There are a lot of longswords.”

“Well, most of the swords sold here are those commonly used. The length of the weapon can increase range and cover for a difference in skill. Most mercenaries would use a long weapon rather than a short sword. Conversely, short swords are mostly used in battlefields though.”

“……short swords?”

“It’s because they are better for fighting in crowded situations like in line formation. Longswords are useful only when there is space. Soldiers that have to fight without much space prefer more easily handled short swords. Of course, their main weapon is still the spear though.”

The length of the weapon increases the range.

But the longer it is, the harder it is to handle or carry around.

Something easy to use and carry around but more useful than a knife.

Krische recalled the curved sword that the bandit, the one that pretended to be a merchant, had used.

That sword was light and fit her hand well, the blade was thick at the tip and curved, making it cut well.

Krische looked around for a curved sword and found a calvary sword.

Calvary swords are curved swords meant to be swung with one hand from horseback.

They are curved and sharp, but long and narrow, they did not look very durable.

After some hesitation, Krische put it down and moved on.

There were long weapons like spears and glaives, but those are out of the question, they are too difficult to carry around.

Stabbing weapons are fine for killing one person, but you are exposed right after stabbing.

A simple longsword has problems with weight and cutting ability.

Krische considered her preferences and looked around, but each had their pros and cons.

There was nothing that felt right.

Selene showed her various options, but they did not fit Krische’s tastes.

Bery seemed to be very interested in the knives, she is probably looking for something she can use for cooking.

Krische was more interested in that and honestly, she would prefer to choose knives with Bery than look for a sword.

But she knows that Selene wants to give her a sword and could not just ignore Selene.

As Krische mulled over it, the young man from before returned together with an old man.

“Hello, sorry for interrupting.”

“Aah……no problem, welcome. So, you wanted me to make a sword for……”

“This girl, Krische. I want you to make one like you’re making it for otou-sama. She may not look like it, but she has the skill for it.”

“Hmm……”

The bald, bearded old man looked at Krische with sharp eyes.

He is large, muscular and his right shoulder is slightly raised.

There were multiple burn scars on his cheeks and arms and he was dragging his left leg a little.

Injured――no, crippled.

Krische naturally observed all that and judged from his posture that he could still fight quite well.

Probably a soldier that retired because of an injury.

“She’s Gallen-sama’s granddaughter……Koz-san, do you know Gallen-sama?”

“That’s a surprise. Of course, I am greatly indebted to him.”

His eyes relaxed and he smiled warmly at Krische.

“Is captain Gallen doing well?”

“Yes. He is in the village now though.”

“I see……if he comes by again, could you ask him to stop by my place?”

“Okay.”

The old man――Koz fell into thought for a while, staring at Krische, then nodded.

“I’ve heard a lot about you from captain Gallen. You certainly are a splendid and beautiful ojou-san. So, what kind of sword are you looking for? Let’s hear your preferences first.”

“Nn……a small curved sword would be nice. Err”

Krische showed him the calvary sword she had examined earlier.

“Something like this but shorter and one-sided, thicker and more curved at the tip and thicker overall. I used something like that a while ago, it belonged to a bandit but it was quite good.”

(T/N: 刃を前に寝かせて, not sure of this part and can’t find anything online. Could also mean have the edge further out(like further from the handle?) but one-sided seems to make more sense.)

“Quite good……”

“Yes. It cut well even when Krische swung lightly because of its weight and curve. The cutting ability did not drop much even after cutting ten people……even when Krische was a little sloppy and hit bone, there was only a slight nick on the blade, so Krische would like to use a sturdy sword like that.”

The old man frowned and glanced towards Selene.

Bery looked a little sad, her eyes on Krische.

“She came to us because of particular circumstances. Her skill is incomparable to any common martial artist, but because of that, it was a little hard for her to stay in the village.”

“……I see. Her situation seems complicated.”

Krische tilted her head in confusion, but the old man changed the topic.

“……if a bandit used it, it should be some kind of barbarian’s sword. Those are not well liked so I do not display them here but……Keiz, bring that.”

“Ah, okay.”

The young man went into the back and quickly returned with a curved sword.

Krische examined the shape and nodded.

“Something like that.”

“This sword is from barbarians that live in the mountains. The weight is in the tip like a naginata and has good cutting ability. I think it is a good sword but most do not like it.”

The curved sword the young man had handed Krische felt right in her hand.

It was quite small overall.

It bent forward sharply near the base, curving back and growing heavier at the tip, like an axe or a naginata.

There was a slight forward curve in the handle so that her hand would not slip. It was comfortable to grip.

There was a ring at the bottom of the handle that a cord could be threaded through.

It might also play a part in balancing the sword.

Krische drew it from its sheath and lightly spun it around, checking how it felt.

The sharp sound of the sword slicing air――followed by the smooth sound of her sheathing it.

The young man let out a gasp of astonishment and the old man widened his eyes.

This should be just right to hang at the hip, with that thought, Krische turned to Selene.

“Selene, this is good.”

“Er, that sword?”

“Yes. This fits Krische’s preference.”

Selene looked at the sword in Krische hand with exasperation.

The sheath and grip were old and quite worn.

It was definitely secondhand. Selene took it from Krische and returned it to the old man.

“Is this for sale?”

“No, I bought it for reference a long time ago. It is a good sword, but I can remake the same sword. I will deliver something even better than this sword.”

“Please do then. I’ll pay well……Bery.”

“Yes.”

Bery took out three small gold coins from a leather purse and passed them to him.

With slightly surprised expressions, they lowered their heads in gratitude.

“Is this enough?”

“Yes, more than enough. I promise to deliver something worth the price. I will do my best for captain Gallen’s granddaughter.”

“Fufu, okay. Please do so then. Krische, do you have any other requests for the sword?”

“Er……”

Krische was frozen, still shocked by the amount that Bery had paid so casually.

Krische had grown up in the countryside, but she still had a rough understanding of the value of gold coins.

One could buy a few thousand pumpkins, no, with three that would be more than ten thousand pumpkins――Krische was surprised by the number of pumpkins the sword was worth and turned to Selene.

“Er, Selene? Krische does not――”

“My sword is the same price, your skill is better than mine, so your sword can’t be cheaper. Just accept it. You are a daughter of the Christand family now……so, any requests?”

“……Krische would like a little more curve and weight at the tip.”

Krische could only nod and answer.



* * *



“……ten thousand pumpkins for one sword.”

Even after they left the store, Krische was still in shock.

Krische only had experience using small change to buy ingredients, this was a culture shock for her.

She had seen silver coins but rarely gold. The only times she saw those was when the village was bulk purchasing to stockpile reserves.

She knew how much a gold coin is worth and the huge amount of food and supplies just one coin can buy, so it shocked her to use three of them for just one sword.

“That much is normal. You should spend money where its necessary. And you probably haven’t realised, but those kitchen knives in the kitchen are worth even more combined. Bery spends most of her salary on cooking.”

“Really……?”

Krische looked at Bery in surprised. Bery smiled wryly, scratching her cheek awkwardly.

“I gathered good ones little by little over many years, so……the total price would be around there. You could probably buy a few dozen thousands of pumpkins.”

“That much……”

“You might feel it is wasteful, but by spending money like this, the artisans have more leeway to go through trial and error to make better things. Money is not just for hoarding.”

Looking around at the stores, Bery explained.

“For example, the delicious dishes made using various ingredients are created because there is leeway. In poor times, gathering enough food to fill your stomach is hard enough…… but as nobles, we can grant people that leeway and with it, they can buy better tools for themselves. That comes around and goes around.”

“That is basically how the economy works” Bery laughed

“Nobles buy a lot to distribute the wealth they have. Spending three small gold coins on a sword is certainly a lot. But with that money, the blacksmith-san can make something even better and concentrate on perfecting his craft. Of course wasting money should be avoided, but if you use it in the right place, it is okay.”

“……I see.”

“The reason the fruits and ingredients in this town are so delicious is because there is a good flow of money and everyone does their best to make better things. This is the result of them having the leeway to go through trial and error. If you think about it like this, it does not feel like a waste right?”

Krische nodded, blushing as Bery petted her head.

That view is much wider and profound than Krische’s.

From individuals to village, from village to towns, from towns to society.

Even things that feel wasteful are not wasteful in the long term.

Like why children in the village are taught swordsmanship, Krische recalled, impressed by Bery.

“I feel like you could spend on other things too though. You are pretty, but it’s such a waste that you’re always wearing an apron dress.”

“Fufu, this is my favourite.”

Bery replied as she lead Krische by the hand towards a store.

“Come, let’s buy the ingredients for dinner. Is there anything you want to eat?”

“Er…….Krische, wants to know how to make, the gratin we ate recently……”

Krische stammered, slightly embarrassed.

Rather than wanting to know how to make it, she wanted to eat it again.

“Okay” Bery nodded happily.

“Fufu, I am glad you liked it. That one was simple, so let’s try making it with chicken this time. Ojou-sama, how about you?”

“……hmm. I want meat pie.”

“The oven will be very busy then. So that leaves the soup……”

“Ah, Krische can make pumpkin soup.”

“You must really like pumpkins, Krische.”

Bery smiled wryly as they entered a store.

Bery is quite popular in town and is welcomed with smiles anywhere she goes, the ingredients offered to her are always of the best quality.

“Argan-sama, how about this? It’s a good round and plump bird. I thought you would be coming by today and set it aside for you……”

“Oh my, I cannot very well refuse my favourite store. I was also thinking of using chicken today……I will take it.”

The male storekeeper looked very happy as he received the money from Bery.

Part of it is her looks but they also like her for the atmosphere around her, Krische thought absentmindedly.

Bery is somewhat similar to Grace, always smiling and gentle-mannered.

After leaving the butchers, they were walking by a fruit stand when the man there greeted them. He quickly did some cutting and handed them a plate.

“Krische ojou-sama, please accept this. You seemed to like it, so I chose a good one for you.”

“Er……okay.”

The plate had small slices of rakura.

Rakura is a sweet red fruit that with a slight sour taste.

It is crunchy like an apple and tasty, but it is very juicy and the juice tends to overflow.

Last time, he had told Krische the skin could also be eaten, so she had bitten into it and the juice spurted onto her dress, leading to many apologies.

That is why he sliced it for her today.

She popped a slice into her mouth and smiled as the sweetness spread over her tongue.

“……very tasty.”

“Haha, that’s good. I’m sorry for not warning you last time.”

“No……Krische was just foolish.”

Krische blushed as she replied shyly, making the man laugh cheerfully.

“Would you like some, Argan-sama? I can make them cheaper as an apology……”

“Baiting Krische-sama with food……is not fair. Please wrap some for us.”

“Haha, thank you very much. And as an extra, here is something nice――”

When Krische goes shopping with Bery, people look at Krische with soft expressions.

Krische does not remember doing so well in the village and it is strange for Krische to be welcomed like this even though she had only come here recently and not much time has passed.

Their trust in Bery is probably why they trust Krische, just like with Gallen at the blacksmiths just now.

Being trusted is a good thing and this is thanks to Bery, making Krische’s respect for Bery grow even stronger.

“Ah, Krische will hold that.”

Krische took the handbasket with the wrapped fruits and entwined her other arm with Bery’s arm.

Bery thanked her with a smile.

Selene stared at them with a frown.

Krische tilted her head for a moment, then quickly nodded and released Bery’s arm, taking Selene’s arm instead.

“Wh, what are you doing……”

“I wanted to hold Selene’s arm too. Both Krische and Bery are carring baskets, so Selene can be in the middle.”

“Do, don’t be stupid, I’m not such a child……”

“Oh my, that is a great idea. Come on, Ojou-sama.”

Bery ignored her protests and caught Selene’s other arm. Selene glared at Bery, blushing bright red, but did not say anything and just pouted.

Smiling wryly at Selene, Bery looked at Krische with kind eyes.

Krische tilted her head, not understanding.

The sun was starting to set and night is approaching.

Under the orange sky, the three of them walked home together.

-End-



* * *



So apparently curved blades are better for a dragging cut with the way the force is distributed and less likely to get stuck in the body. Now I know.

Edit: Changed all previous mentions of the bandit’s sword from sabre to curved sword or just sword. Technically not a sabre. The original just said curved sword.





U.E. C.11: Realisation and the Girl’s Wish


Sword practice with Selene. Shopping, cooking and cleaning with Bery

Just as Galla said, life in town is full of surprises and new experiences.

To Krische, the town is full of irresistible riches, especially the various ingredients, spices and cookware.

Krische was satisfied with her life.

After enjoying her meal, Krische sipped her wine. The wine had been diluted with juice such that Krische could drink it too.

Krische is not very good with alcohol and was slightly tipsy as she cleaned the dishes then went to bathe.

Even in the bath, Krische and Bery are together.

The bath is not as large as a public bath, but it is wide enough for them to enter together.

Krische was enjoying the feeling of the warm water while sitting in Bery’s embrace when she had a sudden thought.

“Bery is kind of like Kaa-sama.”

Things changed when Selene told Krische to just call her Selene.

Bery also asked Krische to just call her by name, explaining that ‘Since you are calling ojou-sama by name, you cannot be using -san for me.’

‘Bery-san’ felt too formal and Bery wanted to close the distance between them. So this was mostly Bery’s personal desire, but Krische obediently agreed.

Hearing Krische say her name in that soft voice, Bery smiled in satisfaction as she asked.

“……Krische-sama’s okaa-sama? That is a great honour……but in what way?”

“Nn……”

Krische tilted her head, mulling over the words she had unintentionally muttered.

She simply felt that way, she could not really say why.

Grace was bad at cooking. She did her best at cleaning, but there would still be dust in the corners.

Grace was often described as clumsy and messed up a lot, unlike Bery who is skillful and dexterous.

Ah, Krische finally realised the similarity between them.

“You are both good at being liked by people.”

“Err, good at being liked……?”

Bery repeated the words, not understanding. Krische nodded.

“The shopkeepers and town people all look happy to see Bery. Kaa-sama was also liked by everyone in the same way.”

“Oh, fufu. That is an exaggeration……Krische-sama’s okaa-sama must have been a wonderful person.”

“Yes. It is such a waste that she died. Krische wanted to learn more from her about how to leave a good impression on people.”

Krische’s words made Bery stiffen for an instant.

Bery frowned in confusion.

“What do you mean, waste……”

“If Krische was a little more careful, Kaa-sama would not have died. It is such a shame. Krische liked Kaa-sama a lot”

Is it a problem with her wording? thought Bery initially as she felt something off, but now she understood, no, it is something else.

Perhaps it is because Krische was a little drunk.

Her decision-making was affected and she failed to noticed Bery’s reaction or tone.

Bery hesistated a little, then asked.

“Does that mean……er, you must have been very sad. Losing your parents…… was it, very difficult?”

Bery’s voice was a little shrill.

“……no? The neighbouring oba-sama and ojii-sama gave Krischee food, Krische is also living a wonderful life in such a nice house now. There was nothing particularly difficult.”

Krische’s answer was impassive and completely honest.

Bery’s vague suspicion turned into conviction and she cautiously questioned Krische.

“Er……Krische-sama. Can I, ask a few questions?”

“……? Yes.”

“Then――”

Bery asked about Krische’s village.

‘Waste’, ‘shame’――not ‘sad’.

These are the words that Krische used.

They are talking about the mother that took her in, raised Krische like her own daughter but unfortunately, passed away

“There was a lot of blood. It would not stop even when Krische pressed on the wound……thinking back on it, Krische failed.”

But Krische described it like just a simple sequence of events.

She had lost her mother.

But there was not much she could have done about it.

This girl spoke as if she felt nothing about it.

“Krische should have thrown the sword a little earlier and killed Gado-san.”

Her words were regretful, but there was no sadness in her voice.

Asking about the death of a person’s mother is a sensitive topic, but Krische was perfectly calm.

“Krische should have killed him before the others. Krische made the wrong choice.”

“……Krische-sama, are you not afraid of killing people?”

“……? No. After all, it doesn’t hurt Krische.”

“I, see……”

Bery stroked Krische’s head as she continued asking questions.

Bery has finally understood that Krische is not a normal girl.

What does Krische think about death? Or murder?

Krische answered that it is bad because of the rules.

What are rules?

Krische answered that it is a system to protect the interests of the community.

Since Krische is under the protection of the community, of society, it is natural for Krische to obey the rules.

So it is also natural to act in the interests of the community and anything that benefits the community is ‘good’.

“Wolves are also killed on sight. Krische thought killing the bandits to protect the village was ‘good’, but breaking the rules must have been bad. It might have also been because Krische was not a village guard…… Krische was hated for some reason, so Krische is not sure about this part.”

Krische covered her face in embarassment.

“Ojii-sama and the friendly oba-sans said Krische was not wrong and Krische was not punished for it. But that makes it even more confusing……”

So Krische still has not learnt what is ‘good’. Grace was a good model to learn from and so is Bery.

Krische is immature and admires both of them, especially since Grace and Bery are kind to Krische.

Krische explained that this is another reason she liked Grace and also why her death was really a shame.

“So that is why……”

Bery finally understood why she had felt something was off while living with Krische and closed her eyes.

A little unusual, but an adorable, hardworking and kind girl.

Bery realised that her impression of Krische was wrong at a fundamental level.

“……you poor girl.”

Bery tightly embraced Krische’s slender body.

“Bery……?”

Bery sensed that Krische is lacking something fundamental for a person.

She is extremely smart and has a novel and unique way of thinking.

She is definitely a genius.

But conversely, she is lacking something important.

However, Bery felt from their conversation that Krische is only missing a part.

“Was life with okaa-sama fun?”

“Yes. She was very kind, like Bery.”

“That is why Krische-sama feels it is a shame okaa-sama passed away?”

“Nn……yes. It was a shame.”

Bery sighed.

“Krische-sama, that feeling is called being sad……at least, that is what everyone else calls it.”

“……sad?”

“Yes. It might be a small difference for Krische-sama, but your choice of words can cause misunderstandings. If you are asked about such things again, please say that you felt sad.”

Krische remembered Gallen’s words and nodded.

Gallen has also said something similar.

“……Krische-sama, have you felt like……when talking to someone, the things you are talking about are different or you could not understand why they said those things, or why people are happy or sad?”

“Er……yes.”

Those are common occurrences for Krische.

People often react differently from how Krische expects and this is one of Krische’s greatest concerns.

――A weird girl. Abnormal. Strange. Creepy.

A different kind of attention then the type being superior attracts, these are negative words.

These are words that Krische have heard used to describe herself.

Unless there is a reason to do so, Krische generally does not talk to people.

Krische is aware that her communication ability is far from ideal. She did her best to avoid leaving such negative impressions through conversations as much as possible.

But she also knows that staying silent leads to similar impressions.

This is a difficult problem that Krische has no idea how to solve.

When there is no need to reply, the other person will make their own assumptions if she stays quiet.

In general, this is the safest method, but it failed in the village and resultingly, her ‘bad reputation’ spread.

What could Krische have done better?

“……does Bery also think that, Krische is weird?”

――Kaa-sama. Is Krische a weird girl? Is Krische creepy? Please tell Krische what is wrong. Krische will fix it.

When Krische was much younger, she had asked that question.

Grace has said that she was not weird, it is just Krische’s trait, everyone has their own traits.

She had hugged Krische and explained that Krische was not weird at all, it was not Krische’s fault.

Grace had cried and asked her to not say such such things again, so Krische has never asked the same question again, but the question still remained within her.

Bery might give a different answer from Grace.

Bery is a lot smarter and better at teaching than Grace.

That is why Krische suddenly remembered that question and asked.

“……did someone say that to you?”

“Yes, a lot of people said Krische is weird or creepy.”

Bery’s arms tightened a little around Krische.

“Krische does not really understand what is weird or creepy about Krische.”

Krische stared blankly at her own reflection in the water as she muttered.

“Just like Bery said, Krische is not good at talking, sometimes Krische cannot understand what other people are talking about and Krische knows that is why people think Krische is weird or creepy……but Krische does not know what to do.”

Words do not mean exactly what they mean, there are hidden nuances behind them.

People do not show everything, their true feelings may differ from their attitude.

Often people that Krische thought were friendly actually disliked Krische.

This always confused Krische, Krische could not understand.

“……is this what you mean by you want to know how to leave a good impression?”

“Yes. Bery and Kaa-sama both seem to be very good at it.”

If Krische could be better at talking to people, then life would be easier.

But Krische does not know how.

“When Krische asked that question when younger, Kaa-sama said that it is a trait and Krische is not weird at all. But Krische knows that a lot of people think that Krishce is weird or creepy, so that seems wrong. Does Bery know the answer?”

Bery fell silent for a while, thinking.

Some time passed before she spoke again.

“……excuse my rudeness, but to be honest, I believe Krische-sama is a little different from most. At the very least, Krische-sama is not normal. Krische-sama’s okaa-sama probably felt the same.”

“……Kaa-sama too.”

“Yes. And I will put this out there first, there is no easy solution to this problem……let’s see, Krische-sama, have you ever thought I am weird?”

“No?”

Bery smiled wryly.

“Fufu, but people often say that I am weird too. In both good and bad ways.”

“Really……?”

“Yes. Just like Krische-sama.”

Bery ran her fingers along the water surface and continued in a gentle voice.

“……when you are different from people, it can be a trait when seen positively, but it can be creepy when seen negatively.”

Bery scooped up water in the palm of her hand and then let it fall.

The splashing of water echoed in the quiet room.

“Traits are both good and bad, it depends on the viewer. I said there is no clear solution and that is because there are parts that you cannot do anything about.”

“I see……”

Krische pouted, then sighed.

Krische had no doubts about Bery’s wisdom.

If Bery said so, then there really is no solution.

Krische had gone through much trial and error, but if there really is nothing she can do about it, she can only give up.

“Krische-sama’s okaa-sama probably knew this too. She must not have wanted to……disappoint Krische-sama, that is likely why she answered that way.”

“Disappoint……?”

“Yes. Because she loved Krische-sama…… because she loved you, she was happy to see Krische-sama smile and conversely, would be sad if Krische-sama was disappointed.”

“……because she loved Krische……muu.”

Bery smiled wryly as she watched Krische ponder her words.

“By the way, why does Krische-sama help me with my work?”

“Er……Bery has taught Krische a lot of things and, er, sleeps with Krische……and tea…… and snacks, Krische has received a lot from Bery.”

Krische’s voice grew small when she said snacks, but her answer was clear despite the stuttering.

Bery smiled happily and continued.

“Is that why you do things to make me happy?”

“……yes.”

“Fufu, Krische-sama is probably thinking too much.”

Bery caught Krische by the waist and turned Krische around to face her.

Bery held up a finger and smiled.

“……Krische-sama makes me happy. This may be pretentious, but I also love Krische-sama, so I also want to make Krische-sama happy.”

Bery patted Krische on the head and looked into her eyes.

Krische seemed somewhat happy as she stared back at Bery.

“Conversely, I do not want to disappoint Krische-sama. Krische-sama too……this is a little embarassing for me to ask, but you do not want to disappoint me as well right?”

“Yes…… ah.”

Bery hugged Krische tightly and agreed in a strong tone.

“That is the feeling of liking someone. When you like someone a lot, it becomes love. Both are similar, but try to think of it like this…… the feeling of wanting to do something for someone, to make them happy is love, and Krische-sama also has it.”

“Love……”

To Krische, working to benefit others without compensation is goodwill.

That is Krische’s vague definition.

Grace had died protecting Krische.

The small doubt that Krische had felt in that conversation with Galla.

These felt like they were taking shape, becoming a little clearer in Krische’s mind.

“Yes. When you love someone, you will not feel like that person’s unusual parts are creepy. That is why Krische-sama’s okaa-sama knew that Krische-sama is different but said that it is Krische-sama’s trait…… that is why she said Krische-sama is not weird at all.”

Krische was once again impressed by Bery’s wisdom.

This explanation is easy for Krische to understand.

“……I also do not think that Krische-sama’s differences are weird or creepy. In fact, I think those are Krische-sama’s unique charmpoints.”

Bery hugged Krische to her chest, whispering into her ear.

Krische relaxed into Bery’s comfortable embrace and hugged back.

“……that does not resolve your problem. But at the very least, that is how I feel and this feeling will not change. So if anything worries you, please consult me.”

“……okay.”

Bery is kind, smart, good at cooking and can do everything.

And now she is offering to be Krische’s teacher.

This made Krische really happy.

But what can Krische return?

Krische pondered over this.

“Unlike me, or other people, Krische-sama is very strong. Because of Krische-sama’s mental strength, sometimes it might be difficult to understand what other people are feeling.”

“Mental, strength?”

“Yes. For me……if master, ojou-sama or Krische-sama passed away in an unfortunate accident, I would be very sad. It would be so painful that I cannot even cook despite how much I love cooking. Many people would be like that if they lost someone they love.”

Bery ‘s voice was slightly somber.

Krische recalled how Galla was like when her son died and nodded in understanding.

“Those who are mentally weaker empathise with such feelings, they comfort each other, slowly recover from the sadness together and move on. But because Krische-sama is strong, it might be hard for Krischee-sama to understand that feeling…… to me, that is very lonely.”

“Lonely……?”

“Yes, Krische-sama……do you like cooking with me?”

“Yes, a lot……Bery knows a lot of dishes and it is amazing how Bery keeps thinking of new things to try. It is very fun to cook together.”

“Fufu, when Krische-sama says it like that it makes me happy but is also kind of embarassing.”

Smiling wryly, Bery continued.

“Both Krische-sama and I are fascinated by the same thing, cooking. That is why I also enjoy cooking with Krische-sama and Krische-sama feels the same.”

Bery took Krische’s hand, putting her index finger to Krische’s.

“……that is because we are working together with the same feelings.”

Bery pulled her finger away as she continued.

“If for example, I did not have any interest in cooking, would you feel the same way?”

“Maybe……not.”

“If Krische-sama finds it more fun to cook with me than by yourself, that is because my enjoyment is added onto Krische-sama’s.”

Bery said that in a light tone as she entwined her fingers with Krische’s.

“……that is the principle behind empathy, happiness can be multiplied manifold while sadness can be eased. That is why I feel that not being able to emphathise with others is lonely.”

“……I see.”

Krische nodded obediently.

If things that are already fun can be even more fun, then it is certainly a waste.

Krische does enjoy cooking with Bery a lot more than by herself.

“Most people are not as mentally strong as Krische-sama. That is why they want to share it when things are tough or when they enjoy something. But that is difficult for Krische-sama to understand and is probably why people think Krische-sama is weird.”

Bery put a finger to her lips and thought for a while before nodding.

She caught Krische’s waist again, adjusting Krische’s position as she smiled and said.

“……this is not a fundamental solution, but for now, let’s start with sharing fun things.”

“Sharing fun things……”

“Yes. By doing that, you might slowly get a better understanding of empathy……and there is no time like the present, let us try something right after we finish bathing.”

Bery rose with a splash as she said that.

Unable to follow, Krische tilted her head, watching the movements of Bery’s full breasts.

“Er, Bery, what are we doing?”

“Something Krische-sama enjoys……which is cooking, we are making sweets.”

Bery said that with a wide smile.



* * *



“Hey. I’m quite busy……why do I have to make sweets, and at this hour of the day……”

Selene glared at Bery, disgruntled. She had been doing self-revision in her room when Bery dragged her out.

“Because ojou-sama is busy in the day.”

“But still……”

“Krische-sama, please help ojou-sama put on an apron.”

“Okay.”

Krische did as she was told, holding out an apron to Selene, who is dressed in her sleepwear, a negligee.

Making sweets.

This is part of Krische’s education, under this pretext they can have tea and enjoy cookies after they are done.

Naturally Krische is delighted. Krische stared at Selene with glittering eyes.

“Ah, erm, I, er……”

“You don’t, want to……?”

It is decided that they have tea in Selene’s room.

Bery had told Krische that if Selene said that she absolutely did not want to, they would have to cancel for today.

Bery had known Selene since she was young and knew there is no chance that Selene would refuse. But Krische does not know that, she looked genuinely sad as she asked that question.

Sad puppy eyes.

Pressured by Krische, Selene looked awat, then finally gave up and said, “fine” in a small voice.

Krische’s face brightened as she enthusiastically pulled the apron over Selene’s head and tied the strings around her narrow waist.

“Krische-sama, ojou-sama has never made cookies, so please teach her properly.”

“Okay!”

“……Bery, what are you doing.”

“I am watching the two of you with a smile.”

“You……”

Selene glared at Bery, but Bery was unaffected.

“Come on, we will be together for a long time, so it is important to get to know each other through activities like making sweets. This is a good opportunity.”

“You look like you are just enjoying yourself……”

“Of course not. First, let’s start from breaking eggs. Come, Krische-sama, please teach her.”

“Okay! Selene, over here.”

“No need to pull, I’m coming……”

Dragged over by Krische, Selene reluctantly joined them in making cookies.

Selene is proficient in swordsmanship, but is not really suited for delicate work――simply put, she is a clumsy girl with no attention to detail.

She dropped the eggshell and added the wrong amount of flour.

Each time Selene made a mistake, Krische calmly pointed it out and explained how to do it with a demonstration.

The eggshells just needed to be scooped out and they could simply increase the other ingredients to match the amount of flour.

They ended up making a lot more cookies than originally planned, but that is a welcome result for Krische, putting her in a very good mood.

Selene seemed to be affected by Krische’s mood and despite complaining at the start, started to enjoy herself.

Selene’s tongue has been refined by Bery’s dishes.

Her sense of taste is excellent and she made many suggestions about extracts or mixtures to use to enchance the flavour of the cookies.

Some of the combinations they tried failed, but Krische had never tried many of them and enjoyed sampling the various cookies.

Fortunately, they had plenty of batter thanks to Selene, so they could easily bake a large variety of cookies.

After baking, they visited Bogan.

Bogan was clearing paperwork and was surprised by their sudden visit, but quickly grasped the situation when Bery emphasised that these are the first cookies Selene has made. He happily accepted the cookies and started eating.

Selene looked very embarassed, but could not completely hide her happiness as she watched Bogan eat her cookies. Meanwhile, Krische was starting at Selene curiously.

After that, they had their nightly tea in Selene’s room.

Selene was sulking from Bery’s teasing, but rejoined the conversation as they moved on to discuss the extracts and mixtures they used.

This was nice, this one was a little too sour, that was too sweet, this was bitter and not very nice but smelled nice.

Krische preferred the sweet ones while Bery liked the slightly salty combinations.

Selene liked those with a slightly sharp, sour taste.

Doing this turned out better. No, but that method――their preferences differed and their opinions varied, but it was a fruitful discussion for Krische.

The sweet ones are nice, but a little salt does help to bring out the flavour.

Those with a sharp, sour taste can be nice occasionally to wash away the sweetness.

What is tasty changes with each cookie eaten

That is why Krische made many discoveries from their varied opinions.

It was a lot more ‘fun’ then if she had baked and sampled the cookies by herself.

Thinking back on it, it has always been like that for Krische.

Krische liked having others taste her food.

How was today’s cooking? Is it better than yesterdays?

She had asked Grace, Gorka, Gallen, Galla.

――ah, so that was fun, Krische realised.

What would Grace have said about these cookies?

What about Gorka?

Krische imagined it, but they are not around anymore. She cannot ask them.

Krische recalled how happy Bogan and Selene had looked earlier.

Something felt fuzzy in her chest, making Krische frown and tilt her head.

“Krische? What’s wrong?”

“……nothing. Just, my chest feels fuzzy……”

“……did you eat too much?”

“Eh, uu……”

Now that Selene mentioned it, that might be the case. Krische blushed, her eyes wandering.

Even though they already had dinner, she ate a lot of cookies.

Her stomach does feel a little bloated.

“Sorry for the wait.”

That was when Bery returned.

She was carrying a plate with something red and transluscent.

“……was that what you were secretly making?”

“Fufu, this is a small surprise. I thought it would be nice to have something refreshing after the cookies. Here, Krische-sama.”

The translucent something wobbled as Bery placed it in front of Krische.

It was pretty, like a gem, but Krische has never seen it before.

“This is jelly. Fufu, seems like this is the first time Krische-sama has seen it……here, say aaahn.”

Bery scooped some with a spoon and brought it to Krische’s mouth.

The jelly danced on Krische’s tongue, tasting familiar.

“Tea……?”

“Correct! How is it? Krische-sama loves sweet things, but after enjoying sweets something refreshing like this is nice right?”

“Tasty.”

“Fufu, here’s more. I was not sure if Krischee-sama would like this, so I am glad. say aaahn.”

“Nmu……”

Selene watched them with an exasperated expression as she ate her own jelly.

“……she’s not at an age to be spoon-fed.”

“Krische-sama is cute when she is fed so this is fine. Fufu, are you jealous? Then Selene-sama too.”

“Haa, no need……”

“Bery, how, how……how do you make this?”

Already captivated by the texture of jelly, Krische questioned Bery with glittering eyes.

Bery laughed softly as she petted Krische’s head, promising to teach her tomorrow.



* * *



Their tea time came to an end as it grew late.

Krische was still full of excitement and bliss as she laid in bed――with Bery sitting at her side, stroking her head.

Next time, let’s make cookies this way, that way.

Krischee made some suggestions and Bery nodded with a smile.

“……how was it? Was tea time fun?”

“Yes, very……”

“That is good. This is what I mean by sharing fun things. It is a lot more fun to share fun things with someone else……cooking is a simple example.”

Bery put a finger to Krische’s lips as she spoke.

“Everyone has different preferences. Everyone has different opinions. But Krische-sama and I, even ojou-sama are all the same.”

“……the same?”

“Yes.”

Bery smiled cheerfully.

“Krische-sama, ojou-sama and I all want to eat something nice, make something delicious. Could you feel that we shared the same feelings?”

“……yes.”

“That is empathy. Through cooking, Krische-sama was able to understand our feelings. You were able to discover the parts which matched Krische-sama’s feelings, that is why you could accept the differences in opinion and have fun.”

Bery took Krische’s hand and entwined her fingers with Krische’s.

“At the root of it all, everything is intrinsically connected.”

“……at the root.”

“Yes. Both Krische-sama and I are like fruits from the same tree.”

Laughing softly, Bery planted a gentle kiss on Krische’s hand.

“Just like cooking, everyone has their own likes and dislikes, there are things they enjoy or find boring. Everyone likes or dislikes different things……but the feeling of having fun, liking something, happiness or embarrassment, these feelings are the same for everyone.”

“……for Krische too?”

“Yes. Krische-sama is certainly different from others. But when it comes down to it, Krische-sama is the same as other people. Krische-sama is no different from ojou-sama, master, Gallen-sama or even me.”

Releasing Krische’s hand, Bery brushed Krische’s hair away from her face.

The feeling of Bery’s hand is similar to Grace’s.

Kind and gentle.

The feeling Krische likes.

“You can only see the surface of people’s hearts. So in a sense, it is natural that you cannot understand others. Just like how you cannot see the bottom of a soup, you also cannot see the deepest corners of someone else’s heart. Can you tell how a soup tastes based on its appearance?”

“……Krische has to taste-test first.”

Krische answered honestly, blushing as she used the words taste-test.

Bery nodded.

“Yes. But you know how onions, tomato and meat taste. If you know how each ingredient of the soup tastes like, could you imagine how the soup would taste?”

“Err……yes.”

Bery pressed her forehead to Krische’s and smiled.

“Fufu, it is the same……for example, I know how it feels to have fun, but I also know how it feels to be sad or go through difficult times, so I can imagine how other people would feel to some extent. This is the only thing Krische-sama is lacking.”

Bery’s large, gentle brown eyes stared into Krische’s purple eyes.

“By exploring how Krische-sama feels and thinks about different things, by exploring deeper and deeper into yourself and finding out more and more――”

It was a strange feeling, like Krische was being sucked into Bery’s eyes.

Krische could only stare at Bery and listen to her voice.

Krische narrowed her eyes, enjoying the warmth on her forehead.

“Eventually Krische-sama will also be able to understand the feelings of other people……of course, this is not a simple solution and may take a long time to show tangible results. But by doing this, I believe that Krische-sama can obtain what Krische-sama wishes for.”

“Wish, for?”

“Yes……something Krische-sama has not noticed, but something very precious to Krische-sama.”

Krische frowned in confusion, making Bery laugh out loud.

“Well, no need to think so hard. Even I am not perfect, I am in no position to tell Krische-sama what it is……I also try to understand people when I can only see the surface, so there are times I misunderstand someone without realising. This happens now and then.”

“Really……?”

“Yes. Everyone is like this. It is not only Krische-sama.”

After a moment of thought, Bery told Krische.

“Let’s try this. Do not hold back with me. If there is anything Krische-sama wants me to do, please speak out and tell me.”

Bery held up a finger and smiled teasingly.

“Please tell me what Krische-sama enjoys, what makes Krische-sama happy. Similarly for what makes Krische-sama unhappy……I believe it is best to understand your own heart first.”

“……err, that……”

“For example, it is about time for Krische-sama to be sleepy. And I believe that Krische-sama likes hugging someone to sleep, am I right?”

“Eh……?”

Krische blushed.

Seeing that, Bery smiled.

“This is what I mean, please ask for what you want. Come on, please say it.”

Krische’s eyes wandered, but still nodded.

“Er, err……pl, please, sleep with Krische.”

“Fufu. Okay, my pleasure.”

Bery kissed Krische’s brow and laid down next to her.

She then hugged Krische and gently brushed Krische’s hair away from her face.

Bery’s body was soft and warm.

“It is the same for me, I also like hugging someone and sleeping with that warmth, so this is mutual……lately, ojou-sama is too shy to sleep with me, so please let me join you from now on, Krische-sama.”

“……okay.”

“Being honest is good. Just like this, please tell me about yourself. Leave other people aside for now, I want to be able to understand Krische-sama. If we can understand each other, then a lot of things will be even more fun and it will be blissful……for both me, and Krische-sama.”

Bery planted another kiss on Krische’s brow. Krische twitched because it was ticklish, but did not resist.

It was not unpleasant, it felt reassuring.

Krische has always found it comfortable and reassuring to be hugged and petted like this.

This is a sensation Krische likes.

“No matter how much we wish to be perfect, everyone has flaws, nobody is perfect. That is why we need to understand and accept each other’s embarrassing desires and fulfill them. This is how we can build a wonderful relationship and find happiness.”

“Wonderful?”

“Yes, wonderful. By sleeping together like this, both me and Krische-sama……in this instant, we are both happy. This is because we can fulfill each other’s wishes.”

Bery whispered those words in Krische’s ear.

‘If you try to understand someone and that someone tries to understand you, then you two can make each other happy and that is happiness, Krische. Just by being together, it is happiness.‘

Krische recalled what Grace had said a long time ago.

Krische had did her best to understand other people. It was relatively successful and Krische was able to do okay in the village thanks to Grace.

But Grace must have been referring to someone like Bery.

They really are similar.

“……Bery really is just like Kaa-sama.”

“Oh my. I am very honoured.”

Bery laughed silently, then said affectionately.

“……bit by bit, let’s find out more about Krische-sama.”

“More about, Krische?”

“Yes……the Krische-sama that Krische-sama does not know, the Krische-sama that Krische-sama wishes for.”

One day, you will understand, with that, Bery hugged Krische to her chest.

Krische nodded and enjoyed the sensation as she closed her eyes.

-End-



* * *



……Bery is so……proactive.





U.E. C.12: The Girl’s Specialty


“Muu……”

“With this, the enemy cavalry has been decimated by the archers in the left wing. My cavalry will now hunt the archers at the back of the enemy line.”

“The morale of the infantry in the right wing of the Caldera army collapses after coming under fire from the rear.”

“Send half the infantry in the left wing to the right and wrap around the enemy’s middle.”

The creases between the brow of the man sitting opposite Krische deepened and the commotion around them grew.

Bogan had brought Krische to a certain room at the army training grounds.

A large table stood in the center of the room.

A layer of sand covered the table with blue and green cloths used to represent terrain such as forests and rivers, pieces stood in various positions across the table.

Krische directed and moved these countless pieces.

They are playing a strategy game, a war game meant for studying tactics.

The pieces represent troops and they are marked to indicate the various type of troops. Other details such as their strength and numbers are recorded on a separate piece of paper.

Three judges decide the outcomes of battles while casualties are decided randomly using dice.

The situation is clearly in Krische’s advantage and the match is effectively over.

It might have been different if it was a siege on a fortress or an encampment, but this is an open battle in the field.

In the field, the cavalry is a key piece which can target fragile archers, disrupt the enemy’s rear and carry out decisive shock attacks on the enemy line while also preventing the enemy from doing the same.

Losing this mobility is equivalent to completely losing the initiative and unless there is an overwhelming advantage in numbers, it becomes impossible to turn the tide of battle.

Krische had intentionally deployed weak infantry on the left wing and let their morale collapse to lure out the enemy cavalry, then deployed the archers she had kept hidden.

The enemy calvary was decimated and Krische’s archers started sniping the backs of the infantry that had broken through the left wing.

The infantry was fighting Krische’s reserve forces when they came under fire from behind.

Their morale easily collapsed and while the archers massacred the escaping infantry, Krische advance half of her reserve infantry and flanked the enemy’s middle.

“……I retreat. The headquarters falls back..”

“The calvary will continue hunting enemy archers. The archers will clean up the enemy’s middle.”

Krische ignored the enemy’s retreating headquarters and reaped the remaining enemy soldiers.

The morale of all enemy units collapsed with the retreat of the headquarters.

The battle that started as five thousand against five thousand came to an end with four thousand against a thousand two hundred.

Krische wanted to shave off another five hundred, but the enemy’s decision to retreat had been quick.

Krischee gave up and stood, looking slightly dissatisfied.

Bogan seemed to be lost in thought as he stared at the board.

Selene was pouting as she watched Krische, she had lost to the same opponent by a narrow margin previously.

“Wow……honestly, that was my complete defeat. Selene-sama did quite wonderfully too, but it is unbelievable that this is Krische-sama’s first war game. The Christand family has a bright future.”

“Haha……I was surprised too. I just wanted to see how she would do, but I did not expect you to lose, Salva. Krische, why didn’t you go for the enemy’s headquarters when you were at such an advantage?”

“……? Was that bad?”

“Not really……but since you didn’t, there must have been a reason why right?”

Krische took a while to find the right words before answering.

“Krische did not feel a need to go after the enemy commander.”

“Why?”

“There was still a thousand elite troops around the commanders. Once they started retreating, only the calvary could catch up, in that case there is the risk of Krische’s calvary being annihilated. It would be a gamble on whether the infantry could catch up in time. So in the end, going after the commander is a fifty-fifty. The risk in trying to completely destroy the enemy is large.”

Krische pointed at the board as she explained.

“In comparison, the loss of troops is a concrete result in itself. Rather than pushing too far for the thousand and the commander, the remaining thousand five hundred troops here can be cleaned up with minimum casualties and is much more appealing……and after returning with such heavy losses, the enemy commander is unlikely to be able to show up on the battlefield again.”

It was an innocent remark, but it made the thin man opposite her――the commander of the third corps, adjutant Salva grimace.

The people present are battalion commanders in charge of a thousand men or corps commanders in charge of five thousand men and their adjutants.

Bogan, the general, is the highest ranking officer.

They could not directly object to Krische’s remark in the presence of the general since is officially the general’s daughter.

But the tension in the air is palpable.

The heavy atmosphere made Krische tilt her head in confusion, but she still continued.

“Of course Krische also wanted to take down the enemy commander if possible. But in this case, the enemy commander retreated early while there were still reserve forces, so Krische focused on maximizing results. But it was a shame that Krische could not taken down the enemy commander even with such an advantage.”

Krische looked up at Bogan as she finished.

Bogan nodded and declared.

“Indeed, it was an excellent decision to retreat at that stage after being driven into such a disadvantage. It was a mistake to let down his guard just because Krische is a beginner, but he did well after that.”

In reality, Krische’s tactics were cunning and except for the very start, Salva had been completely focused.

But by saying that, Bogan had helped Salva save face.

Feeling the tension in the air relax a little, Selene whispered into Krische’s ear.

“……I know you meant no offense, but be careful with how you say things.”

“……?”

Selene whispered such that only Krische could hear her.

Krische cocked her head, confused on what she had done wrong.

“There’s probably no use telling you that though.”

Selene sighed, roughly petting Krische’s head.

Krische contemplated complaining about her hair being messed up, but the comfortable feeling kept her silent.

Half a year has passed since Krische joined the Christand family.

Although Selene’s rivalry with Krische has not faded, Selene dotes on Krische like a real sister now.

Krische shows extreme genius at times, but she is honest and obedient.

She tends to say things too bluntly and is insensitive to other’s feelings.

Selene sees her as just a slightly peculiar girl despite her flaws.

This is largely because Krische is domestic and enjoys cooking and other housework.

Since Selene, like Bery, has seen that part of Krische, Selene sees her as a nice, well-mannered girl despite her differences.

Bogan saw great potential in Krische’s talents and started giving her a military education together with Selene, but lately, Selene has started to wonder if that was the right choice.

Krische displayed genius in tactics and strategy, not to mention her fighting skills, but she is also a girl that likes cooking and sweets, just as her appearance suggests.

Bery was clearly opposed to it and Selene is starting to have doubts.

Krische herself is of the stance that she will learn if it is necessary.

She does not aim to succeed Bogan like Selene, nor does she desire fame and honour.

Krische simply wishes for the strength to protect herself and her surroundings, nothing more.

This is how Selene saw it, especially since she knows how Krische lost her parents.

That is why Selene felt some guilt about Bogan teaching Krische such skills just because she has the talent for it.

Krische is expressionless, but her eyes are slightly narrowed.

This is her expression when she is happy, she is enjoying being patted on the head.

With their long relationship, Selene is now able to pick up on these small changes.

Every time Selene sees this adorable part of Krische, Selene’s doubts grew stronger.

“Otou-sama, can I show Krische the training grounds?”

“Aah, okay. Just don’t get in the way of the training.”



* * *



The moment Selene and Krische stepped out onto the training grounds, the solders’ gazes gathered on them.

This country’s, the Alberan Kingdom’s royal family is not a patrimony and women have inherited the crown, so there were times when the queen ruled the country.

Because of this, the standing of women in this country is strong and female soldiers are widely accepted.

But that does not mean there are many women that want to become soldiers and among the soldiers present, only a few are women. These female soldiers are also not necessarily all good looking.

If rare beauties like Krische and Selene appeared in such a place, it is natural that all the men’s eyes would gather on them.

But Selene noticed that among those gazes, there is not just goodwill or desire, there is also fear.

Fear of Krische.

On Krische’s previous visit, she had trained with and mercilessly beaten up the soldiers, displaying her overwhelming strength.

Because of that memory, the soldiers here fear Krische.

Selene let out a small sigh and pulled on Krische’s hand, bringing her to shelter under a tree near the building.

It is fortunate that Krische does not seem to care about those gazes.

Just how thick is this girl’s skin? thought Selene as she asked Krische.

“Krische, do you enjoy studying tactics and such?”

“……enjoy?”

“Hmmm, for example, is it fun like cooking?”

“Compared to cooking, it is not fun.”

Hearing Krische answer without hesitation, Selene smiled wryly.

“……I see. Krische, there’s no need for you to force yourself to join me. Even without studying this, Krische can aim to to be a lot of other things, like a researcher or a scholar. There’s no need for Krische to learn such violent things, Krische has other options.”

“……options.”

“Yes. I’ll succeed otou-sama and even if I can’t, I’ll still be able to take care of you and Bery for life. There’s no need to force yourself to do something you don’t like.”

As Selene said that, she thought about it.

Take care of them for life. That is a happy thought.

Selene said this because of a previous conversation with Bery.

Bery had been strongly opposed to bringing Krische to the training grounds and training her as military personnel.

This was the first time she directly defied Bogan’s decision and both Bogan and Selene were bewildered.

They had thought that since it is evident that Krische has exceptional potential as a soldier, it would be a great loss to leave it.

They had naturally assumed that she would join the army.

‘……Krische-sama would probably fight better than anyone else. She might even become a hero remembered in history. But the Krische-sama I know likes cooking and is an unexpectedly spoiled girl……so I am against this.‘

This was Bery’s answer when they asked why she was against it.

‘Krische-sama is a very pure and innocent girl. She will become anything you ask her to. She might be able to easily accomplish anything you ask of her. But I do no want her to advance down that path. This is, simply……my selfish wish.‘

Krische would surely do well even on the battlefield.

If there is a need, Krische would act and she has the strength to do so.

But just because she is good at it does not mean she wishes to do it.

She enjoys being patted on the head, likes cooking and finds bliss in eating sweets.

She is surprisingly spoiled and would rather sleep with someone than alone.

Selene does not want to see this girl drenched in blood.

That feeling grew stronger after seeing how the soldiers fear her.

‘This might be okay for a vigilante corp, but Krische thinks it is a problem for soldiers to be this weak when they are getting paid to train to fight and kill enemies. Is that wrong?’

Krische had trained the soldiers after thoroughly beating them up.

When Selene warned Krische that she was going too far, Krische had responded incredulously.

Her perfectly logical but uncompromising argument simply caused more enmity and fear.

Krische follows logic and has the strength to act upon it without compromise.

But she cannot understand the feelings of those that cannot accept that logic even if they wanted to.

That is why she cannot understand why she is feared.

Then people start avoiding her――

Selene is dissatisfied with this situation and it is because she has spent time with Krische and grown to love her that she felt this way.

Bery’s concern might have been because of this part of Krische.

Krische thought over Selene’s words for a while before responding.

“……it is true that Krische does not particularly like it, but Krische thinks it is still necessary to learn. Krische still has regrets too.”

“……regrets?”

“If Krische had done things better, Kaa-sama would not have died.”

Krische said those words in her usual tone, as if it was an insignificant matter, but Selene could not meet her gaze and cast her eyes down.

“……did you, like your okaa-sama?”

“Yes. Krische was an abandoned child and she treated Krische very well.”

Krische nodded as she remembered Grace.

Truly a shame――no, this is sad.

Krische recalled Bery’s words as she continued.

“Krische does not want to regret again, so Krische wants to have more options. Of course, Krische just wants to live with Bery and Selene and cook together though.”

To Krische, the most important thing right now is cooking.

Then her forerunner and comrade, Bery. Selene has also joined them recently.

Krische’s current fortunate lifestyle is supported by Bogan and protected by the overall community that is the country.

As she studied and expanded her knowledge, expanded her view of the world, she had learnt that her cooking life is protected by many things.

To Krische, Bery is her comrade and is very important, as is Bogan, who supports Krische’s lifestyle and his successor, Selene.

Her guardians, Bogan and Selene are both of the military.

So Krische needs to be in a position where she can save them when they are in danger, is how Krische thought about it.

When the bandits attacked the village, Krische’s greatest failure was that she did not have influence and could not command the villagers.

If Krische had strong authority with the village guards, that problem could have been solved easily.

But Krische had been lax and left it to others――as a result, the tragedy of losing both her guardians, Gorka and Grace, befell her.

If nothing happens Krische can just enjoy cooking, but if something does happen, it is a problem if she cannot do anything. That is Krische’s conclusion.

Thus although she may not be very proactive about it, Krische obeys Bogan’s wish for her to learn military skills and flaunted her abilities.

Unlike the village, the army requires for them to have the ability to kill, so there is no need to refrain from showing it.

But Krische does not realise her extreme faithfulness to rules and logic is the reason for the fear that Selene sensed.

“Krische will be troubled if master or Selene dies somewhere without Krische knowing. So Krische wants to stay somewhere where Krische can protect master and Selene.”

“……Krische.”

Although the Krische’s feelings and the reasoning is different, Krische cherishes the people close to her.

Even if it is technically not love, what she says and what others feel is all that matters.

Selene interpreted it the way she wanted to and hugged Krische, whispering to her.

“Then I will protect you so that you don’t have to suffer.”

“……Krische feels its more dangerous for Selene though. Selene is weak.”

“……hey, I’m saying such embarrassing things so please read the mood. That part of you can get really irritating, seriously.”

Selene glared at Krische, blushing.

“When you are told such things, the normal response is to stay quiet, say yes, or say thank you. Got it?”

“……? Okay.”

“Good.”

Selene smiled and pinched Krische’s cheeks.

“Ferere, hofee, ihyaireu……” (Selene, cheeks, painful)

“That’s it for the weird talk. Krische, can I ask for a bout?”

“Fai……?” (Okay)

Selene released Krische’s cheeks and took her hand.

And until war broke out two years later, they lived happily together.

-End-



* * *



Yes I did not translate the cheek-pinched speak. The original japanese is cuter than any garbled english I could come up with.





U.E. C.13: Delivery to the Battlefield


Alberan year 457, the major power in the east, the Holy Elsren Empire invaded the Alberan Kingdom.

The Alberan Kingdom’s king had been terminally ill since the previous year and conflict has broken out over the succession of the crown.

Not much time has passed since he ascended the throne, but with no hope of recovery, young king Alberan named his successor. The problem is that instead of his younger brother, Gildanstein, he named his own child――the young princess, Kreschenta as his successor.

Naturally, the royal prince, Gildanstein objected to this.

Gildanstein insisted that he has the legitimate right to the throne.

According to the rules of succession, Gildanstein is next in line and his claim is justified, but king Alberan denied it.

This is because of Gildanstein’s bad habits.

Gildanstein is known for cruelly killing slaves――which are not officially allowed in the kingdom, but do exist――for his own entertainment and abusing his authority as royalty to defile women of lower nobility.

King Alberan’s argument that Gildanstein would not be able to fulfill the duties of the king gained a lot of support.

But regardless of his conduct, Gildanstein has the legitimate claim to the throne.

Many disapprove of breaking the rules or worried that Kreschenta is too young, being only eleven years old, thus causing the nobles to split into two factions.

Infighting was unavoidable.

The king summoned the influential nobles to vote on the next king, but Gildanstein’s faction, at a numerical disadvantage, played for time by not showing up, preventing the vote.

The Holy Elsren Empire took this chance to break their peace treaty.

They invaded the kingdom’s eastern territories with a large army of a hundred thousand men.

With the capital paralysed, the Alberan Kingdom lost the Carmeda, the eastern general, most of its eastern territory and the initiative.

The fearless general of the south, Dagren Garhka, and the northern general also known by the nickname of Lightning Quick――Bogan Christand managed to hold off the invasion, but the kingdom’s capital is still paralysed.

The Alberan Kingdom is in a predicament.

Krische was still in the middle of her officer training, acting as a sword instructor on the side, when she was caught up in this war and now has to travel to the battlefield where Bogan is.

“Only two candy a day. Do not eat more just because are hungry. You will run out of candy too quickly.”

“Kr, Krische will not……Krische is not such a glutton.”

At the gates of the estate, Krische blushed as she received a small pouch stuffed full of candy from Bery.

Krische has grown taller and she is at the transition stage from child to adult.

Even with this growth, she is still petite, but her chest has swelled a little and she had developed curves.

Her arms and legs have grown longer and her features more refined.

But her large eyes made her look young and she is still more a girl than a woman. Her long, glistening silver hair made her beauty feel unreal.

She looked even more like a fairy than before and has grown to develop an alluring, almost magical charm.

She was dressed in a simple one-piece dress with a silver and black design. Over it, she wore a dark green cloak and carried a shoulder bag filled with food and water. A small curved sword and two knives hung at her waist.

She wore no armour.

Krische had not been summoned by the army.

Although she is skilled, Bogan was unwilling to bring a young girl to the battlefield.

Bogan gave in to Selene and allowed her to follow due to her stubborn insistence, but Krische obviously does not have that passion.

Since there is the possibility of danger to Bogan and Selene in a war, Krische was slightly hesitant about staying behind, but in the end Selene convinced her to stay behind and protect Bery.

Security deteriorates during war.

Even this estate far from the battlefield is not entirely safe and Krische had no objections to staying behind to protect Bery.

Even so, this is the king’s land and security was originally quite good.

The riots they worried about did not happen and in the few weeks since the war started, it has been peaceful in the town of Gurgain――Krische and Bery were thoroughly enjoying a life of cooking.

Krische’s trip is simply to deliver letters, not because something had happened.

Although most matters could be handled by the army’s logistics unit, there are matters that nobles, specifically the head of the family need to see for themselves and make a decision.

For example, matters regarding the province that the Christand family governs.

This country is an absolute monarchy, the king has absolute power and the nobles are soldiers as well as bureaucrats.

Naturally, all land belongs to the king but it is not rare for land to be loaned out for a noble to govern.

A large portion of the profits from the land a noble governs belongs to them, so being granted land is an honour.

But not all provinces produce a profit and there are many troublesome things that come with governing land.

The letters that Krische is delivering are about large transactions and loans related to the Christand province.

These letters cannot be allowed to end up in the hands of the wrong person. It would be a serious matter even if someone just happened to read the contents.

These documents cannot be sent to the battlefield mixed in with other documents from the army no matter how well disciplined the army is.

The usual solution is for family members or a servant to deliver the letters, which means either Bery or Krische has to deliver them.

Bogan could also have arranged for a trusted soldier to deliver the letters, but all of them followed him to the battlefield.

If this was a training expedition, they could have waited since they knew when he would be coming back, but this is a real war.

The letters just kept piling up.

With so many letters piled up, they needed to deliver them to Bogan and after some discussion, it was decided that Krische would go since she could protect herself.

Bery also has some training in self-defense but from Krische’s point of view, it is effectively nothing. Krische was also concerned about sending someone as pretty as Bery to a dangerous area.

Krische also wanted to check up on Bogan and Selene and convinced a very reluctant Bery to let her go.

“I am aware that Krische-sama is strong, but please take care of yourself if there is any danger. Do not poke your nose into anything weird, okay?”

“Okay.”

“And the last candy in that pouch is mine. Please bring it back for me.”

Krische had already thrown the first candy into her mouth and froze upon hearing Bery’s words, then checked the pouch.

“Er, which one……?”

“Eh? Ah……fufu, that is not what I mean. This is a charm for Krische’s safe return. Please bring the candy back for me.”

“……? Err, okay.”

Though Krische felt like her share just got reduced, she could only nod.

“……now, it is about time to go. You will be late to the carriage.”

“Okay. Bye Bery, take care.”

“Yes, I will. I will also improve my cooking even more while Krische-sama is gone.”

“That, uuu……”

Krische still has not caught up to Bery in cooking.

Krische cast her eyes down as she imaged the gap growing even wider, making Bery smile.

“Fufu, when you come back safely, I will teach you a new recipe. Let’s cook together again.”

“Okay. I will come back as quickly as I can.”

“Yes, please come back quickly. I will be lonely by myself.”

Bery brushed Krische’s hair aside and planted a kiss on her forehead, then stepped back and smiled.

“I will be waiting for your return.”

“……okay.”

Krische smiled back.



* * *



Krische will be riding the army’s communications carriage to a supply depot.

After that she will join the supply train to the frontlines.

The journey would take about seven days.

On the fifth day of Krische’s journey from Gurgain in the north of the kingdom, she arrived at the supply depot set up at the entrance to a large forest in the north east of the kingdom.

There she joined a supply train and set off to the frontlines.

Things changed when they were taking a short break on the sixth day as the sun was setting.

Until the fifth day, the soldiers accompanying Krische had met her on other occasions and was aware of her personality.

So when Krische laid out a blanket during breaks and sat there staring blankly at the scenery, they left her in peace――but the carriage and personnel changed on the sixth day.

These soldiers have only heard of her through rumours.

Although she is adopted, Krische is the general’s daughter.

Just like how Selene is known for her military genius, which blossomed through her rivalry with Krische, vague rumours of Krische have spread among the soldiers.

Bogan does not bring Krische to public events or high society because of her communication skills.

So unlike Selene who is famous as the fearless and beautiful daughter of the general, Krische is only known through quiet rumours coming from the training grounds.

Most rumours about her differed from reality, such as she is like a demon with a stronger body than most men or that she is a monster that would make the knees of veteran soldiers tremble.

They were mostly rumours about Krische’s extraordinary skill with the sword――these rumours alone spread further than others.

There is a reason why those that experienced her skill firsthand did not talk about her cute appearance.

She is a cute, dainty, fae-like girl. No one would want to talk about how they were utterly thrashed by such a girl.

Instead they hid that information and described her as a ruthless and terrifying monster, then these rumours transformed even further as they spread.

So when Krische showed the lightning and falcon crest on her cloak and introduced herself as Krische Christand, they all gave her curious looks.

This is why no one spoke to her until evening that day, only staring at her from a distance.

“Yes. I am adopted……”

Krische had explained that Krische is Bogan’s daughter when joining the supply train, so why would he ask that question now?

Krische cocked her head to the side, a truly adorable action with her appearance.

When the soldier approached Krische where she sat under a tree, it drew the attention of all the soldiers around.

The soldier wore leather body armour, gauntlets and shin guards.

He carried a buckler in his left hand and a short sword around two feet long at his waist.

The black cloth hanging under the crest of a sword pointing to the sky――the kingdom’s crest, indicates that he is a corporal.

Leather armour is good at absorbing blows and cannot be cut by dull swords.

The leather is also hardened with wax and can cause spear tips to slip to the side.

This man’s armour is quite high quality, much more likely to be his personal equipment than standard issue.

Captains that are in charge of more than fifty men need to procure their own equipment, but conversely those below are not allowed to change their equipment freely as it would affect coordinated action and there is a general rule that they use standard issue equipment.

But there is no problem if the equipment is similar to standard issue, so it is common for those from wealthy families to purchase their own high quality equipment.

This man might be from a relatively wealthy family.

“We did not expect the general’s daughter to be so beautiful. All of us are delighted to be able accompany Krische-sama.”

Armoured soldiers. What is the best way to kill them?

Krische had been absentmindedly thinking about that as she stared at the high quality hard leather. She cut short her examination for weak points to reply.

“……? Okay, thank you. Krische is also grateful to be able to ride this carriage.”

“This road is not entirely safe, but please rest assured. We will protect you with our lives.”

“Haa……”

That is their job.

Krische wondered why he was explaining such an obvious thing, but dismissed the question and nodded.

The more pressing matter is her hunger.

She had already finished her two daily candy, so she could only endure.

People that have mana break down the food they eat and convert it to mana.

Krische had been fed cookies by Bery between lunch and dinner everyday and gotten used to snacking.

The food she had eaten has already been converted to mana and her stomach is empty, by this time of the evening she is always starving.

On a journey with limited water and chances to bathe, a body that does not excrete is an advantage, but the empty void in her stomach is hard to endure.

She does not show it, but she was battling hunger as she quietly asked.

“……will we be making camp soon?”

“Yes, we will come to an open space soon, we will be making camp there.”

The supply train consisted of a few dozen carriages, the areas where they can make camp is limited.

They should have made camp before entering the forest, but as someone hitching a ride, Krische could not complain.

At that moment, Krische’s stomach grumbled.

Krische blushed and the soldier’s eyes widened, then he smiled wryly.

“Eh, ah, this is……”

“Hahaha, so that’s why you asked about making camp. Please wait a moment.”

The soldier ran to a nearby carriage and returned with a small piece of hardbread.

“Have this. It’s not very nice, but it should fill your stomach.”

“Thank you……”

Eyes gathered on Krische as she received it while blushing.

Krische’s embarrassment grew, but she could not resist the temptation.

Since she had received it, she has to eat it――Krische easily threw logic aside and started tearing off small pieces of bread, throwing them into her mouth with an embarrassed expression.

Her hunger made her want to just directly bite into it, but Krische’s sense of aesthetics managed to barely stopped her from doing that.

Quickly throwing pieces of bread into her small mouth without pause actually made her look even hungrier than if she had just bitten directly into the bread, but Krische failed to realise that.

Rumours can’t be trusted, thought the man as he watched the young girl.

They had noticed the small curved sword that Krische carried, but they assumed it was for self-defense and nobody paid attention to it.

Her beauty and charm drew more attention, leading to many looking for the opportunity to talk to her that night. This continued into the next day.

She was given more soup and two pieces of bread not only that night, but even in the morning the next day and at noon..

A while after lunch, she was also handed bread and the remains of the cold soup before she even said anything.

This made Krische want to die of embarrassment, but she had already received it, so she still consumed it without complaint.

It was on this day when they fussed over her, the day before their journey ends――that the incident happened in the evening.

-End-



* * *



I’m sorry I suck at names. Any better nicknames for Bogan is welcome. Original is 迅雷, literally translates to Thunderclap, but is referencing more the individual words 迅=speed/violent/intense and 雷=lightning





U.E. C.14: The General’s Daughter, Krische


“Enemy attack, enemy attack! Enemy attack at the rear!”

Krische was the fastest to react to that shout.

The supply train consists of several dozen carriages.

Krische is in the middle and quite far from the end of the train, but could hear the screams in the distance.

“Stay here Krische-sama. Please stay calm――”

The soldier that had been fussing over Krische lost sight of her before he could finish his sentence.

He found her again on top of the carriage behind their’s, staring towards the rear.

Krische ignored the man’s call and thought about how to deal with this.

This is Bogan’s supply train.

If it suffers damage, the first thing affected would be Krische’s next meal.

She calmly examined the carriages at the rear.

They are stretched out in an extended line――it would be difficult for them to reorganise immediately.

This forest is behind the frontlines. This area should have been safe.

That is why there is only the bare minimum number of guards.

Their numbers are too few to fight back. They might not be able to hold out depending on the scale of the enemy.

Krische quickly ran through the possibilities

――The enemy broke through the frontlines and attacked the supply lines in a blitz attack?

In that case, they would have been informed.

Messengers would reach this train before the enemy. Unlikely.

――They snuck through and were not noticed?

This possibility is almost impossible.

If that is the case, the supply train would suffer a lot of losses, but it is unlikely the enemy would go so far just to temporarily disrupt the supply lines.

If they did, it would be to completely cut off the supply lines or to attack the main force from the rear.

Either way, if enough soldiers were sent to accomplish these goals, the risk would be too large. It would also be unnatural to attack the rear of the supply train if it was the latter.

If that were the case they would need to lie in wait for a chance to deal such a devastating blow that they did not have the time to send a messenger.

――An ambush?

Close to impossible. But what if their numbers were small?

――They somehow gathered a force on this side and set up an ambush?

Using gold or other bribes, they could have hired mercenaries or bandits.

They just needed a spy, so this possibility is very likely.

The largest probability is disruption of the supply lines with small numbers.

Nothing can be known for sure unless Krische checks it out.

Krische leapt down from the carriage and sprinted through the forest.

The road is too narrow to ride one of the spare horses and Krische does not like riding, it hurt her butt.

She instantly made the decision that it would be faster to run through the forest.

Krische’s mana flexed, acting as imaginary muscles and allowing her to run like the wind.

Like an arrow released from a bow, she ran through the forest, ascertaining her route as she kicked off trees and accelerated forward, twisting to dodge branches that would tear her clothes.

She arrived in no time.

24 enemies are visible, but there is definitely more.

Their wore varied leather armours and were filthy. There is no crest or anything of the sort to indicate they are soldiers.

Judging by appearances, they are bandits.

Which means they are easy to deal with.

Krische drew and swung her sword in the same motion.

She swung her sword in a backhanded grip, beheading one and dashing by before the blood could stain her clothes.

She spun the sword in her hand and killed another two as she spun onto the road behind the supply train.

In that instant, all eyes turned to Krische.

And before they recognised her as an enemy, Krische beheaded the nearest person.

Krische avoided the spine and only cut the soft flesh in the neck.

The silver naginata-like sword was stained a rich red without a single nick on the blade.

Using the fountain of blood as cover, Krische vanished from the field of vision and awareness of everyone around――and when they found her again, another flower of blood had already bloomed.

The attacking side and the soldiers that had been about to be killed all felt a chill run down their spines.

Krische dislikes being dirty――the thick red blood clung only to her blade.

Her stainless deep green cloak and silver hair danced, creating an abnormal, out-of-place beauty.

“That one! Get that white one!”

The man that looked like the bandit’s leader screamed. At that point, Krischee had already beheaded nine people.

Three men stood around the leader.

Krische drew a knife from her belt and threw it.

She threw smoothly even as she ran, the knife spun through the air and sunk into the neck of the man standing in front.

The two behind and the leader widened their eyes as they watched the man collapse, but still took a stance.

Unlike the other small fry, they seem capable.

Krische did not sense any mana from them, but that does not mean it is safe.

Even if Krische can use mana like springs to reinforce her muscles, she does not become more durable.

Even Krische would die if her neck was broken and a small cut in the right place could be fatal. If they all threw their lives aside and grabbed for her, she would die too.

Krische’s only weapon is her superhuman speed and strength.

So to be safe, she needs to slip through the chinks in their consciousness.

The man on the left wields an axe. The man on the right, a short curved sword. The leader wields a long sword in his right hand and a buckler in his left.

Krische instantly decided to go left and slipped under the right arm of the man wielding the axe.

The man swung the axe as predicted.

Most of the bandits only wore light leather breastplates and gauntlets.

Their armpits are not protected――and Krische knows that blood flows well from there.

Krische casually stabbed his right armpit.

She then stepped behind the man as she tore through with her sword.

The leader’s reaction was quick, swinging the longsword in a horizontally sweep.

Krische dodged it by crouching and hacked at the back of his knee.

Without a glance at the collapsing leader, she drew the other knife and threw it at the neck of the man approaching with the short curved sword, taking him down――then stepped on the back of the collapsed leader, putting her sword to his neck.

Then she looked around.

“Bo, Boss was defeated!”

“Run! Or we’ll be caught!”

The bandits’ decision was fast.

Once they realised they were at a disadvantage, the bandits turned tail and escaped single-mindedly.

Krische watched them go and confirmed that all hostility was gone before letting out a breath.

Even Krische was slightly out of breath after running such a distance.

The surrounding soldiers stared at Krische, stunned.

Some of them had spoken to Krische before, but they also looked shocked.

They stared speechlessly at the abnormal girl.

Krische wandered why they were frozen, but focused on rendering the leader powerless first. She stepped on the leader’s right shoulder and grabbed his arm.

“Hii, gii!?”

――then dislocated his right shoulder.

And then his left shoulder.

Another tearing scream echoed through the forest, bringing the soldiers back to their senses.

“Kr, Krische, sama……wh, what are you……?”

“……? Preparing for torture. There might be more enemies.”

Why would you ask that? Krische tilted her head, perplexed.

Blood was everywhere.

In the middle of the carnage, Krische alone was beautiful. But the action of tilting her head to the side was no longer cute, it was creepy.

Krische got off the leader and held up her skirt as she squatted down in front of him.

His fierce face was pale and streaked with tears as she spoke to him.

“It is bad to attack the army’s supply train. Did you know that?”

“Ah, ah, ga……”

“Well, it does not matter whether you know. According to Alberan law in this situation, you will be given the heaviest sentence, death.”

Krische held up a finger, as if she was explaining to a child.

“If you were a soldier of the enemy country, in this case the Holy Elsren Empire, you would be treated as a prisoner of war and after necessary medical treatment, be sent to the rear and detained. No violence will be used in your interrogation and your rights will be protected by the Sacred Convention but……”

Her purple eyes examined the man’s body.

There is no crest or anything similar.

“You do not appear to bear any proof of identity. Do you own any?”

“Hii……”

“If you do, please present it before the count of five. If not it will be assumed that you do not have any and be treated as a bandit.”

Five, four, three, two, one, zero.

Krische counted to five, then smiled and declared.

“It appears you do not have any. Usually you would be detained then executed, but fortunately, soldiers have the right to carry out informal executions as well as the right to do physical harm and torture in order to obtain information if there is such a need.”

Krische did not explain this to threaten him, but it is still clearly a threat.

The men stiffened as Krische stepped on his thick right arm.

“Krische will now conduct torture by cutting off your fingers one by one, this is a legitimate method in accordance to Alberan Criminal Law. Please understand.”

And with no hesitation, she severed his pinky.

“Hii, Gii, AAaaaaAaah!?”

“Do you have more allies other than those that ran away just now?”

“O, oow, finger, my finger……! My, gii!?”

Next was the ring finger.

Krische just needed to let the heavy blade drop and it easily sliced off his finger.

“Krische will be troubled if you do not answer Krische’s questions. Krische will have to take of your shoes and cut off your toes as well at this rate.”

“Hii, gu, no, there are no more……”

“Nnn, I see. Krische will kill you either way but Krische thinks its better to die quickly rather than painfully. Please continue answering Krische’s questions.”

His screams rang through the forest.

The soldiers that had been in the heat of combat a moment before now trembled as they watched a young girl slice off a man’s fingers with no qualms.

No one could speak as all the fingers on the man’s right hand was chopped off.

Krische’s actions are completely correct from a military perspective, but people that can take the initiative to torture someone is extremely rare.

Even if they resented that man for killing their comrades, not a single soldier here could indifferently chop off his fingers without hesitation or emotion like she does.

Nobody felt any satisfaction from watching the leader of the enemy that had killed their comrades and almost killed them, have his fingers cut off. In fact they were overwhelmed by the situation and felt only fear and pity.

“That was all Krische wanted to ask. Thank you for your coorperation.”

Krische said that with the look of someone that had finished her job, then stomped on the man’s neck.

With an unpleasant crack, the man’s body convulsed for an instant then stopped moving, but by that point, there were already eight fingers scattered around it.

Krische retrieved her two knives from the corpses and approached a soldier, the supply train’s commander.

“This should be the end of this attack. It was a harassment attack using bandits. Krische will be going back, but before that, can Krische have a clean cloth?”

“Ye, yeah……”

The commander ordered a nearby soldier to bring a cloth, his voice slightly hoarse.

The soldier hurriedly retrieved a cloth.

Krische carefully wiped the blood and oil off her sword and knives, then returned them to their sheaths and looked around at the soldiers.

Even Krische could feel something was wrong with their reaction.

She had killed bandits. But this is not in town, it is in the middle of the forest――and with the army’s supply train.

Krische had just properly disposed of the bandits, she had done a proper job in accordance to the army’s rules and doctrine, they should be happy.

But their response is a little weird.

Ah, Krische clapped her hands together as she realised why.

Today, Krische is not here as a soldier. She is simply the general’s daughter, here to deliver letters.

Simply put, she remembered that she was not on duty.

She came to the conclusion that they were bewildered because she had done their job for them, so she smiled and said.

“Please convey that information to the front and the general. Krische only came to deliver letters and is off duty, so Krische cannot meddle too much.”

After addressing a concern that nobody cared about, Krische trotted back the way she came.

Seeing her retreating back, spotless without a drop of blood, all the soldiers felt a chill run down their spines.



* * *



They took some time to reogranise the next day and it was night by the time they exited the forest and reached headquarters.

The soldiers of the supply train had stiff expressions as Krische thanked and bow to them before heading towards the general’s tent.

The Christand army had skirmished with the enemy three times, but is currently at a standoff and there is not much activity.

Krische was asking the way to Bogan’s tent when she heard a familiar voice.

“Krische!”

“Wah……”

A girl ran over and hugged Krische, pressing her cheeks to Krische’s.

Her golden hair glittered in the moonlight and her smooth white cheek was comfortable to the touch.

Selene is half a head taller than Krische and there were tears in the corners of her eyes as she smiled at Krische.

“Thank goodness, I was so worried after hearing there was an attack. Are you okay? Are you injured?”

“Ehehe, Krische is fine, as you can see. Selene seems fine too.”

Selene was dressed in red riding pants that flared out at the thighs.

She wore a red cloak with gold embroidery over a black vest made from thick cloth.

This combination of cloth armor and riding pants is the standard equipment that is worn under armour, but she is not wearing any armour.

That indicates that this camp is safe.

“Well, yeah. Are you going to meet otou-sama?”

“Yes, I need to hand him these letters.”

“Let’s go then. Otou-sama and Gallen-sama were also really worried.”

Selene happily took Krische’s hand.

Seeing her like that, Krische felt relieved.

“How is the situation?”

“A standoff…… We cannot make a move. It hurt to lose Wulfenite.”

Wulfenite is a fortified city positioned in the center of the Kingdom’s eastern territories.

The town is surrounded by a tall wall and a moat filled with water from a river. It was known as an impregnable town but was taken in the enemy’s blitz invasion and is now an impregnable enemy base.

The kingdom’s center is accessible from Wulfenite, retaking it is currently the most important objective.

The Elsran army is carefully guarding their supply lines to Wulfenite and has deployed forty thousand against Bogan in the north and another forty thousand against Dagren in the south.

In comparison, Bogan’s army numbers twenty thousand. Dagren’s army has apparently managed to scrape together thirty thousand, but the difference in numbers is large and though they could defend, they did not have enough to attack.

Taking Wulfenite would be time-consuming no matter how it was done.

Cutting off the supply lines and isolating Wulfenite is the most effective method, but that is currently impossible and they are at a standoff.

Because of the infighting in the capital, the central army has not been deployed and they currently cannot go on the counteroffensive.

“What is the capital doing? Anyone could see that things will only get worse if we don’t retake Wulfenite.”

“Nnn, Elsren is a large country, so they should have already gathered enough forces in Wulfenite……we can only react to what they do.”

Krische could think of multiple possible actions by the enemy.

This is because the enemy could choose any of them.

They could maintain the current front and take over the territory.

They could invade the center or the south.

They would not attack the north because of the large forest, but there are plenty of other options.

“This is the worst. Why can we only wait for the enemy to grow.”

Selene is the daughter of Bogan, who is also known as Lightning Quick.

Selene has been educated by him and reveres her father.

That is why she is aggressive and favours such tactics.

The current situation must be extremely unpleasant for her.

“If we do not make mistakes, we are still at an advantage.”

“The problem is we keep making mistakes.”

Selene pouted as they arrived at Bogan’s tent.

“It’s Selene. I brought Krische.”

“Come in.”

Selene pulled open the entrance after hearing Bogan’s reply, leading Krische in by the hand

-End-





U.E. C.15: Krische’s Suggestion


Bogan and Gallen were inside the tent.

Bogan’s outfit was similar to Selene’s, also without armour, but Gallen was dressed in black leather armour, perhaps out of habit.

Gallen had returned to the army a year ago and is serving as Bogan’s adjutant in this war.

“We were just listening to the report, Krische. Sounds like you played a big part.”

The commander of the supply train was also present in the tent.

Bogan and Gallen smiled and stood up upon seeing Krische, giving her light hugs, but the commander looked frightened for an instant when Krische entered.

“Krische only helped a little……thank you for bringing Krische here, commander.”

“You, you are welcome……it is I who should thank you”

He looked bewildered when Krische bowed to him.

“……Krische, what did you do?”

“Ah, that’s right, Krische. You should report to the general too.”

Krische nodded to Gallen.

“Okay, err……”

Krische’s explanation was concise.

There was a bandit attack at the rear, so she repelled it.

According to information from the bandits’ leader, the bandits received money and the information needed to raid the supply train from someone that is most likely an Elsren spy.

Krische summarised the information from the bandits’ leader, reporting the multiply bandit groups in the forest and that the same offer had probably been extended to the other groups.

“The exact numbers are not clear, but at least thirty bandits were sighted. By the time Krische arrived at the rear, we already suffered seven casualties. Krische took down thirteen including the leader and the soldiers took down another seven, so there is around ten remaining.”

That was true? the commander muttered, then quickly covered his mouth.

He had not seen the scene himself and had not completely believed what he had heard.

“Krische could have chased them down, but Krische was worried about further attacks, so Krische prioritised torturing the leader. This information should be accurate.”

“Torture? Krische……?”

“Krische cut off eight fingers. He was a bandit anyway.”

The atmosphere grew heavy with Krische’s casual reply.

The supply train’s commander kept his composure, but the fear was apparent in his eyes.

Monster――he had heard the soldiers at the scene call her that, their voices trembling. He had heard that Krische had slain a dozen men without letting a drop of blood touch her, then ruthlessly sliced off the bandit’s fingers without any qualms.

Hearing Krische report it so casually, he realised that those stories were the unembellished truth and this beautiful girl is not as she seems.

The other three had slightly grim expressions, but also seemed understanding.

Considering Krische’s past, it is no wonder she suffered no pangs of conscience over torturing bandits.

Aside from that, these three are specially close to Krische and has some understanding of Krische’s true nature.

She is soft on those close to her, but completely ruthless to everyone else.

After some thought, Selene petted Krische’s head.

Krische smiled.

“……I see. It must have been tough.”

“Yes. Krische did not expect to be assaulted while travelling, so it was a little startling. Krische was not on duty so Krische thought of letting the soldiers handle it……but Krische did not want to wait until it is too late, like that time in the village.”

“I see……you did well.”

Bogan nodded gravely and thanked her.

“That is all Krische had to report. Krische also has some letters……”

“Ah, yeah, I’ll take them. Come, sit down the two of you.”

Bogan looked towards the commander.

The man came back to his senses and nodded, clicking his heels together as he put the palm of his right hand to his left chest.

――I offer my life to you.

That is the meaning behind this military salute.

“Permission to leave!”

“Yeah, rest well.”



* * *



After the man left, Gallen picked up a pot and filled two cups with black liquid.

It is a drink called black soy tea.

Krische handed the letters to Bogan and ran over to Gallen to receive the cups, then sat down and handed one to Selene.

Krische looked around, searching for something.

Selene smiled wryly and retrieved honey and milk from where they were hidden under a cloth on the table. Krische blushed as she added plenty of both to her drink, but relaxed into a smile as she took a sip.

Black soy tea is bitter and Krische cannot drink it without adding plenty of honey and milk.

“Is Bery doing well?”

“……yes, Bery was worried about master. We thought of a lot of dishes together and she wants you to try them.”

“Fufu, it sounds peaceful there. I would like to return soon too, but……”

Bogan finished scanning through a letter and returned it to its envelope as he nodded.

“……indeed. I miss Bery and Krische’s cooking too. This is already quite good, but the battlefield is not a pleasant place. I would like to end it quickly but……”

“That won’t be easy. Especially since they’ve penetrated so far. The only way to stabilise the situation is to retake Wulfenite and set up a line of defense around it.”

Gallen replied to Bogan.

He is currently the general’s adjutant and is Bogan’s subordinate, but when other soldiers are not present, they acted as normal.

Nobles have strong authority in the army and recruitment through personal connections is common, so the rules are quite flexible.

No one had complains about a former centurion becoming the general’s adjutant.

This is also partly because Gallen had been quite famous as a fearless and skilled centurion in his time and many that knew him then have become high ranking officers in the Christand army.

A centurion is an officer in charge of a hundred men, but is also a soldier.

They are exposed to danger but because of this risk, they can earn great fame and honour.

Soldiers respect familiar, accomplished centurions more than the distant general.

Gallen had quickly climbed the ranks from a private to a centurion through his achievements and was a hero among the soldiers.

Many had been infuriated with his treatment when Gallen resigned from the army and there were also many that rejoiced when he returned as Bogan’s adjutant.

There is also the fact that nobles, who have mana, tend to live beyond a hundred, but the lifespans of normal humans are much shorter.

It helps that Gallen is already old and will not be a competitor for promotions.

Selene is also an adjutant, but it is quite common for the general to be succeeded by their child and there is nothing wrong with their child serving as an adjutant to learn about the army.

Since Selene is Bogan’s successor, no one openly objected to her position as adjutant and Selene’s ample social skills helped her blend into the army.

She became well-known as the ‘sword maiden’ for her beautiful appearance and skill with the sword.

The problem is Krische.

Her official position is still ambiguous.

Everyone knows about her skill, but there is no clear reason for her to become an adjutant, then again giving her any rank would have problems.

A corporal is the leader of a squad of five men.

A captain is in charge of ten corporals.

A centurion is in charge of two captains and commands a hundred men.

These ranks are in a sense exclusively for common soldiers and have a high casualty rate. Throwing the general’s daughter in here would be bad publicity.

Bogan started out as a captain because he was a powerless noble, but now that he is a general, making his daughter a captain would be problematic and Bogan himself was not willing to send her there because of her talents.

Considering her skills, she should be granted a higher rank, but a higher rank would be the battalion commander in charge of ten centurions.

Even higher would be the corps commander directly under the general, in charge of five battalion commanders.

Alternatively there is the supply commander in charge of the army’s logistics.

But all these posts are filled.

The post of battalion commander is just right for Krische, but they could not create a new posting just for her so she is currently just the ‘general’s daughter’.

They had come to the conclusion that it is best for her to join the ‘strategic command’ that Bogan had been trying to set up, so Krische is currently going through officer training――studying tactics and strategy while only technically part of the army.

This is why nobody in the army knows how to treat her. Krische also acts like a proper young lady, so the common soldiers settled on treating her as the ‘general’s daughter’.

This is also the reason why she was not reprimanded for acting independently. Her current position is quite convenient, allowing her to act as a soldier or the general’s daughter as the need arises.

Krische herself does not care about hierarchy and talks to everybody politely, so her current vague position does not particularly bother her.

“Krische, what do you think about the current situation?”

They are in a difficult and troubling position.

Bogan is thankful for Krische’s presence in this situation.

Her way of thinking is novel and there is much to gain from it.

Bogan was against dragging Selene and Krische onto the battlefield because they are still young, but at the same time he understands their usefulness.

That’s why he asked Krische this question and watched her with high expectations.

Krische thought over Bogan’s question a little, staring at the map on the table.

“Were there other attacks on supply trains?”

“Yeah, there has been multiple reports of such attacks. Casualties are minimal but the soldiers are growing uneasy……seems to be simple harassment.”

“Yes, Krische thinks so too. They are probably aiming to make the soldiers uneasy and lower morale. For now it is probably better to increase the guards for the supply trains……we can only take countermeasures. Searching the forest would take too much effort.”

Krische pointed at the pieces representing the enemy.

“With the advantage in numbers, the enemy has a lot of options. In comparison, we do not have the numbers to attack, so we can only react. In that sense, they have the initiative……in their position, Krische would target the south first.”

“You think so too? Why?”

Krische nodded and took a sip of the black soy tea which has turned brown with the amount of milk added.

With a small satisfied smile, she answered Bogan.

“We have the large forest to our backs, so Krische would not aim here. If we escape into the forest, it would be impossible to wipe us out and it is impossible to monitor or blockade the entire forest. Since they cannot bottle us up, they cannot stop us from reassembling. Master set up headquarters here with that in mind right?”

“Yeah, that’s right. Our plans are just as you said.”

“The enemy supreme commander is able to lead a hundred thousand men, so he should also understand that. In that case, he would never send the main force here. He would leave thirty thousand to keep us here and send ten thousand to the south.”

Krische moved a piece representing ten thousand to the south.

“This ten thousand will be used to defend the south while the army of forty thousand attacks. If the central army goes to help them, they will be flanked by the army in Wulfenite and it would take time if the central army goes around. The terrain in the south is mainly open fields so the enemy can advance quickly and the southern forces will be pushed back quite far. The approximate number of soldiers in Wulfenite is twenty thousand right?”

“Yeah, that’s what I heard.”

“Then it will be difficult to take Wulfenite while they attack the south. Elsren could stabilise their lines and take over the whole southeast. They could also coordinate with the Galshan Republic and take over the whole southern area in one shot.”

The three of them frowned as they listened to Krische.

The Kingdom has large, treacherous mountain ranges in the northwest and northeast.

These mountains are inhabited, but they are more of tribes than a country, they will not do anything as long as their territory is not invaded.

The Kingdom is in an alliance with the Arna Empire to the north and on very good terms. They can be considered an ally and there is no need to worry about the north. In fact, they have offered reinforcements, they would also like to avoid the collapse of the Alberan Kingdom, their buffer.

That leaves the south and west.

The Kingdom has warred with the Galshan Republic in the south multiple times. Although their current relations is good, it is quite plausible that they would take this chance to attack.

That is the same for the Elderant Kingdom in the west, but they are currently at war with the Galshan Republic.

Elderant is the weaker of the two and would not fight two fronts at the same time, so only the Galshan Republic in the south might make a move.

“In that case it would be difficult for the Alberan Kingdom to mount a counterattack. We would be forced to sign a peace treaty with the southeastern area of the Alberan Kingdom occupied.”

Krische quietly stated that with no change in expression.

Either way, this will not directly affect Krische’s life in the north of the Kingdom.

The Kingdom is the buffer for the Arna Empire in the north.

Even if Galshan and Elsren aimed for more, they would have to face two countries.

Simply put, destroying the kingdom would require enormous effort from them.

That means unless something unexpected happens, Krische’s peace is safe.

“I see, I understand your assessment. It makes sense as a possible course of action for the empire……can you think of any countermeasure we can take?”

Bogan asked that with a serious light in his eyes.

Gallen and Selene also watched Krische with similar eyes.

In their many meetings, they have come to a similar conclusion as Krische about the enemy’s possible movements.

Krische had easily and confidently arrived at that conclusion from the many possibilities and surprised them a little with the threat of the empire cooperating with the south.

A single mistake could result in enormous casualties.

The weight of this responsibility stretches the nerves, creates fear of the countless possibilities and leads one astray from the correct answer.

Krische’s relaxed confidence surprised them more than her intelligence. Her confidence and ability to easily find a single tree in the forest of possibility and choosing it with no apprehension still surprised them even though they knew her.

They still had no answer for this question.

Thus their expectations grew after seeing how easily Krische answered the previous question.

Bogan’s question. A countermeasure.

Krische stared at the map, imagining the movements of the army.

“The most likely possibility is what Krische said before. The enemy definitely expects us to play for time. They just need to keep us from moving, so that would play into their hands and they would just stay there. Krische believes the first priority is to take back the initiative.”

“……but how?”

Kriche pointed at a spot right in the middle of the Christand and Elsren army.

An area east-southeast of the forest――where the Arzlen river flows from the mountains to Wulfenite.

“The current planned battlefield should be here. The armies will face off across the Arzlen river.”

“Yeah.”

“The enemy is also expecting this. Crossing the river would lead to many casualties and if they deploy here, we will not be able to make a move. The state of the river is also not good for us.”

“River……?”

Krische nodded.

“First we shift the headquarters to the east and hire workers from the surrounding villages and towns to dam the river. At this spot here, where it flows to Wulfenite.”

Krische pointed to the eastern part of the map.

She placed her finger on a small lake――the point the river splits into two.

The northern Arzlen river flows to Wulfenite and the other river, the Bezlen river flows a little further south of that.

“Naturally, the enemy army will also move east. But not the entire army. The enemy would see this dam as support for an attack on Wuelfenite by the central army……so they should leave about ten thousand.”

“That……makes sense. But you intend to dam the river for a different objective?”

“Yes.”

“I understand what you are saying. We can find a good timing to break the dam and release the water, causing a flood and washing away the enemy deployed on the opposite bank. But the chances of the enemy destroying the dam before that looks high. They will not let us build the dam so easily. Won’t it also be difficult to only cause casualties for the enemy?”

“Yes, that is right.”

The other three looked puzzled when Krische nodded.

“But Krische’s objective is simply to create a battlefield, so that is fine.”

-End-



* * *



Made a mistake in chap 12, the commander (Salva) that played the war game with Krische was a corps commander in charge of five hundred thousand men. Yes that makes more sense considering the scale of their army in the game. Past me is dumb. Not that present me is much different.





U.E. C.16: Dual Purpose


“……create a battlefield?”

“Yes. Master would be facing off with the enemy across the river here when they come to prevent the dam. Then we just make the enemy ground a quagmire.”

Krische traced the Bezlen river that flows south of the Arzlen river with her finger.

“This river to the south often floods in this particular area and once the area becomes a quagmire, it does not dry very quickly. By damming the northern river which has more water, we can force the southern river to flood and create a quagmire where the enemy is deployed. Just by doing this, we can hinder the movements of the enemy and their supply trains as well as depriving them of their troublesome nomadic cavalry.”

Unlike most in this time and age, Bogan values records and data, spending fortunes to gather maps, records of past battles and even disasters. Most of this knowledge has been packed into Krische’s mind.

Krische visits at the training grounds once a week to participate in military drills, but soon nobody had anything to teach her――as a result, she usually studies in Bogan’s personal library.

If she remembered the contents of every single book, she would not need to go to the training grounds and can spend more time with Bery.

Because of this simple desire to cook with Bery, Krische used her abnormal intelligence to memorise most of Bogan’s extensive collection.

“……I see. Interesting.”

Bogan’s mind is not like Krische’s.

But because he knows he is ordinary, he never fails to prepare himself beforehand.

He had quickly reviewed the documents about this area before departing and could remember the record that Krische is referring to.

Magnificent, Bogan muttered to himself.

Knowledge is simply knowledge. The key is how to use and apply that knowledge.

Bogan has often told Selene and his subordinates to never stop learning and never to stop at just learning.

Knowledge only has meaning if you have the wisdom to apply it.

Krische embodies Bogan’s ideal.

Bogan had considered the ‘Strategic Command’ for a long time but started establishing it because of Krische.

Even if it is impossible for any one person, they could achieve strategical and tactical planning at Krische’s level with multiple minds.

The commanders can focus on commanding their troops and making decisions on the ground while the strategists handle the rest.

With this, Bogan planned to greatly raise the overall capabilities of the army.

Nobles are highborn beings that command the army.

This is the popular way of thinking and in this age where commanders focus on being able to manage everything themselves, Bogan is an unusually advanced thinker.

Over many years, Bogan has built up a system which does not focus on individual ability, instead educating and sharing knowledge among the officers and commanders, granting them the authority and responsibilities befitting their capabilities.

This is the reason behind the famed strength of the Christand army and also why Bogan Christand is widely known as a great general.

“……so first we create a geographical advantage and dampen the enemy’s morale.”

“Yes. This is just harassment……master can also construct a simple fort nearby and prevent the enemy from crossing the river. The enemy cannot allow a fort to be constructed here, so they will be forced to cross the river.”

Krische traced the river with her finger.

River crossings always requires massive casualties.

Krische’s objective is to create a situation that forces the enemy into that.

“It will be easy to defend against an enemy trying to cross the river from a quagmire, it will also be difficult for them to breakthrough the steep eastern mountains with a large force. We will be at a large tactical advantage and since it is difficult to maintain formation during a river crossing, we can easily create local numerical advantages too.”

Krische pointed at the base of the river.

“Even if the dam is broken, we can just face off at this lake near the mountain and show occasional signs of recapturing the area. The objective is to keep the enemy in place and prevent them from making a flanking attack. It also happens to be the rainy season now, so it would be even better if it rains.”

Bogan and Gallen looked at, then nodded at each other.

Selene was glaring at Krische with a vexed expression.

“……it’s a good plan. So we are creating a battlefield where we can grasp the initiative.”

“Yes. It would be a gamble for master to independently breakthrough the northern enemy army and damage the supply lines coming from the empire no matter what method is used. And even if that succeeds, it will not solve the fundamental problem without the aid of the central army. In which case our top priority is to focus on how to prevent the enemy’s movements and buy time for the central army to mount a counterattack.”

Krische pointed at the enemy army, then their own location.

“The enemy supplies are mostly procured locally, but it has been a month since they arrived. The villages they are procuring supplies from should be reaching their limits and the enemy should want to move soon. This one month standoff should be because they were setting up supply lines from their country and quieting local resistance.”

Aside from the twenty thousand combat personnel, the Christand army has a logistics unit of one thousand.

This unit specialises in resolving logistical problems and employing laborers or prostitutes from surrounding villages or merchants when necessary. This unit requires specialised mathematical education and is expensive to maintain but has successfully created a stable stream of supplies for this defensive battle.

In comparison, the empire’s invading army is crude.

When they invade, they create plundering squads as the need arises and mainly procure supplies locally.

The enemy’s blitz invasion prioritises occupying as much territory as possible over logistics.

But though it is crude, they still have a system in place.

They had suffered severe defeats in the past from scorched-earth strategies, where villages were burned and wells poisoned.

Thus although they are still centered on pillaging, they establish a logistic force before extended wars in order to set up and stabilise supply lines.

The logistics force is the backbone of the invading army and focuses all their efforts on creating a stable stream of supplies to occupied areas――they still pillage when they first occupy the land to raise morale, but after that the logistics force takes over, switching from pillaging to steady requisition of supplies.

They gather laborers and food from surrounding villages, improving efficiency in distribution of supplies.

Thus although the empire commits massacres and rape, they are quite careful with carriages and provisions, any resource related to logistics, when they pillage.

After occupying a large piece of enemy land, they set up supply lines locally and from the empire, building a beachhead for further invasion.

This is the Holy Elsren Empire’s basic invasion strategy.

Naturally, the other three present knows this.

But Krische has a habit of explaining obvious things when she has the time to do so.

Since Krische’s ‘obvious’ and other peoples’ ‘obvious’ have often differed, this is a life skill she has picked up. Krische is ‘polite’ enough to explain the Kingdom’s law to a bandit she is going torture.

The three of them are aware of Krische’s unnecessary politeness and even though they did not need this explanation, they did not interrupt her.

“It is likely that the enemy has set up a supply depot near the enemy’s center――near Wulfenite, but the majority of the supplies would be for invading the south. The resources allocated to the enemy deployed to the north would not be much and if we fight at the eastern mountains, they would have to rely on supplies from the empire.”

Krische pointed at the area around the Bezlen river that would become a quagmire and continued.

“By that point, the geography around the southern river would have deteriorated substantially, so the enemy position would only grow worse with time――well, that is the overall plan.”

Krische let out a breath and took a sip of her sweet black soy tea to sate her thirst.

Then she continued with satisfied smile.

“Their invasion of the south is only possible with a stable stalemate in the north, so if master can shave off a large part of the forty thousand deployed in the north, it it very likely to setback their strategic plans. Krische cannot tell when the central army will be ready to counterattack and how long general Garhka can hold out in the south, but no matter what, the enemy will be forced to respond to master. What do you think?”

Krische had offered the best plan she had and considered it satisfactory, so her thoughts had already turned to her empty stomach as she asked.

The discussion is done, time for food. Work is done, time for food. Snacks.

Krische’s thoughts are like this all the time.

In comparison, the other three were surprised by Krische’s plan, shift the headquarters to the east――just by doing this, they can gain a tactical advantage to match the enemy’s numerical advantage and deal a heavy blow to the enemy’s strategic plan.

“……I have never been more glad to have adopted you. It is a brilliant plan. If there were no problems I would have appointed you to a position with the authority that befits you but……I’m sorry. It must be tough to be left hanging like that.”

Bogan sincerely thought that.

He lamented her youth and position that prevented her from displaying her abilities.

“Er……master. Krische is satisfied, with how things are……”

Krische tilted her head in confusion as she responded honestly.

Krische felt no dissatisfaction with the current situation.

It would be convenient to have authority, but it is not something she wishes for.

Krische is generally serious and hardworking, but Krische only wishes to live a carefree life of chores and cooking.

Since that is currently fulfilled, she has no ambitions at all.

“Kuku, well, that’s just like you. But Krische’s opinion is always helpful……captain, it is a bit late, but gather the corps commanders. I want to start moving by tomorrow.”

“Okay――Messenger!”

Gallen’s shout was loud enough that it felt like it shook the tent, making Krische cover her ears.

With a quick, ‘Messenger, coming in’ a young soldier entered.

“Summon the corps commanders and their adjutants. Urgently.”

“Yes sir! Summon the corps commanders and adjutants, understood!”

“Good. Go.”

The young messenger ran off after a glance at Krische and Selene.

He was handsome and wore a set of beautiful steel scale armour.

Probably a noble.

Messengers that pass information are very important, particularly when conveying the general’s orders, so their social standing is important.

In order to avoid confusion from false information and the like, nobles are chosen as messengers.

“I’m sorry Krische, you must be tired, but please join us.”

“Eh?……okay.”

It is night.

Krische still has not eaten the meal she was supposed to received upon arriving.

Krische’s gaze wandered as she lightly pressed on her stomach.

Selene smiled wryly and stood up, handing some bread to Krische.

Seeing that, Bogan and Gallen let out a sound of understanding and laughed.

Krische’s face turned bright red.

“Come on, if you’re hungry just say so. Nobody said you cannot eat.”

“Uuu…..”

“What happened to the genius strategist just now? Here, honey. You like it, don’t you?”

Krische ended up eating uncomfortably with Selene fussing over her.



* * *



One month is one cycle of the moon, 28 days.

A quarter of that, 7 days, is a week.

A day is 24 hours, 12 hours from sunrise to sunset and another 12 at night, but this is a vague definition since the length of the day changes with seasons.

In summer, the day would be an hour longer while in winter it would be an hour shorter.

Clocks have been invented, made of mana crystals and some machinery, allowing a bell to be sounded accurately every hour in towns, but clocks are not easily portable.

There is no way to know the exact time so far away from town. But based on the hunger and sleepiness Krische is suffering, it feels like it is already midnight.

Already six hours since sunset. Krische’s usual bedtime was a long time ago.

“Krische, don’t sleep. Endure just a little longer.”

“……uuu, hungry, sleepy……”

Krische had repeated the same explanation for the corps commanders that had gathered in the tent, but naturally, that was not the end.

Krische’s plan is simply an overall strategy, now they are discussing how to make their move――the tactics.

They were poring over the map debating where to deploy each corp――that was when Krische started nodding off, but Selene pinched her cheek and woke her each time.

The first corps has the best overall capabilities in the Christand army.

The second corps is focused on pure combat ability.

The third corps is good at defense, including building temporary encampments.

The forth crops is good at difficult tactical movements.

The discussion of how to utilise each unique corp was taking quite a long time, but Krische is the original person that proposed this strategy.

She cannot just say that she wants to go sleep and was half forced to participate in this meeting until this time of the night.

Krische was sleepily rubbing her eyes as Selene led her into a small tent by the hand.

Inside was a few small articles and a simple bed in the corner consisting of a blanket on straw.

Selene sat Krische down on the bed and poured soup into a bowl from a jar she her brought back.

Grabbing the bread that she had also brought, she sat down next to Krische, tore off some bread, soaked it in the soup and pushed it into Krische’s mouth.

Krische slowly chewed, swallowed, then spoke sleepily.

“Tasty……”

“Here, hold the soup Krische. I’ll feed you.”

“Okay……”

Krische usually sleeps two hours after sundown and wakes early with Bery.

Krische’s stamina was at its limits after staying up so late coupled with the mental work of the meeting. She had also been deprived of her meal for that time, so by now Krische’s intellect has dropped to the lowest possible level.

Since there is only Selene, whom Krische can relax around, Krische was just moving by instinct at this point.

“You’re really still a child no matter how big you grow. Bery and I are fine but you can’t act like this in front of other soldiers. Okay?”

“Nn……okay.”

“……really? Do you really get it……?”

But Selene was smiling happily as she petted Krische’s head, watching Krische blissfully eat the bread, like a chick being fed.

Krische eyes narrowed happily just a little.

Once Selene was done feeding Krische, she removed Krische’s cloak and equipment, then covered her with the blanket.

“……this is like I’m the servant here. I’m not Bery you know”

“……? Selene is Selene. Krische did not mix up.”

“That’s not what I meant. Never mind, hurry up and sleep.”

Krische looked confused when Selene prodded her cheek, then grabbed Selene’s hand and tugged. Krische grows cold easily and needs a heat source.

Selene climbed into bed, muttering to herself, but smiled and gently hugged back when Krische hugged her.

Krische closed her eyes, looking completely relaxed and blissful. Her breathing quickly settled and slowed.

“She really falls asleep fast……”

Selene sighed and kissed Krische’s brow, brushing aside her silky hair.

Selene lowered her eyes to her hand. It was trembling slightly. She shook her head.

――Just a few days ago, Selene had killed someone for the first time.

In the middle of delivering an order to a corps commander, she was caught up in a small skirmish and killed two people.

Selene trained with Krische everyday, so they were easily dealt with and she did not have the time to think about it in the confusion of the battlefield. But when she went to bed alone that night, the memory resurfaced and her body trembled.

She could remember the feeling of her blade cutting through flesh, the expression of anguish on their faces.

There were many voices on the battlefield.

The voice of someone calling for their mother, for their lover. The voice of someone fearing death. The pained scream of someone looking for their right hand.

Selene had vomited that night and had still been a bad state the next day.

Gallen comforted her but Selene had barely been able to sleep these past few days. She could still feel the sensation on her hands.

Selene looked at Krische’s relaxed, young face.

It is unbelievable that she killed 13 people.

Of course, this is not her first time, but Krische is still too calm.

She had spoken as she usually did when she talked about how she killed the bandits and tortured one, as if she was explaining what was for dinner.

Rather than scary, Selene found it sad.

Was she like that from the start? Or did she become like this after losing her parents?

Selene does not know but that is not the issue.

She might always be like this, for the rest of her life.

Krische’s morals are different from others and occasionally there are misunderstandings over the simplest things.

She is talented, but abnormal.

To her, it might even feel like everyone else is a completely different species.

Krische would do anything if there is a need to.

She would not hesitate, she would accomplish it with complete calm, seemingly heartless.

That is why people fear and avoid her.

Selene had thought the villagers were horrible for treating Krische that way.

But now Selene understands why, and it is just sad.

“……no matter what, Krische will be Krische.”

Krische always acts normal even if others hate or fear her.

Nothing changes. Krische would not care.

Even if people she were close to started to avoid her and she was left all alone, Krische will be Krische.

And Krische might just go on, without even realising that she is lonely.

Like a clown that continues dancing, not realising she is the only one left in the circus.

Selene watched Krische blissfully snuggle against her.

Krische likes sleeping with people.

Maybe it is because it feels good, or because it is reassuring, or perhaps just because it is warm. Selene does not know the reason.

Krische is always tagging along behind Bery back at home, depending on her. She always looked like she was having fun doing chores or cooking together.

But even if Krische lost that――

“……haa.”

The saddest part is that she will not feel sad even if she lost that happiness.

Krische is missing something important and she does not realise it.

Even if she loses something important, she cannot realise it is important.

After two years together, Selene has gotten to know Krische quite well.

Selene has seen plenty of Krische’s adorable side――and her sad side. Selene has grown to want to protect her.

Is this how a mother feels? Or an older sister?

Doesn’t matter, Selene dismissed it, running her finger through Krische’s light hair.

It may be presumptuous, but I will be there for her.

In order to protect the happiness that Krische herself does not realise she has, I will fight.

‘……Krische-sama would probably fight better than anyone else. She might even become a hero remembered in history. But the Krische-sama I know likes cooking and is an unexpectedly spoiled girl……so I am against this.‘

When Krische had started visiting the training grounds, Bery had been strongly against it.

At that time Selene had only thought of Krische as a slightly weird girl and brushed it off too easily.

Lately, Selene has slowly grown to understand the meaning behind those words, but she only truly understood them after hearing Krische’s report today.

Ah. Bery must have understood Krische before any of us.

She must have already been thinking the same thing as I am now.

“I’m still incapable but……”

Selene whispered to Krische.

“One day, I will protect you, so that you don’t have to try so hard.”

Kissing Krische on the brow again, Selene slowly closed her eyes.

-End-





U.E. C.17: Aleha Sarshenka


A few days later, the Holy Elsren Empire invasion force――the northern army, in a certain tent.

A map was spread open and about twenty men sat around it.

“They moved?”

“Yes, to the east……”

The blonde man sitting at the head of the table frowned as he listened to his subordinate’s report..

Aleha Klauzera Shuindel Sarshenka.

A general of the empire, one talented enough to rise to this rank at a young age without using his family’s power.

Aleha was born as the third son of a great noble and had no chance of succeeding the family.

So naturally he entered the army and with his abilities, he made many achievements on the battlefield and received the honourable, though noninheritable, title of Shuindel――paladin, directly from the emperor.

The title of paladin is an honorary rank that is a reward for military achievements and is the greatest honor that any soldier could receive.

Aleha received it in his thirties and as a renowned general of the empire, also made many contributions in this invasion.

His life was smooth sailing, nothing stood in his way――but now, wrinkles creased his brow.

He pondered the incomprehensible report he had just received.

“……why now?”

Aleha had spearheaded the invasion of the Kingdom’s eastern territories and has earned enough achievements.

He built the foundations for taking the impregnable fortress Wulfenite by taking down the Kingdom’s general, Carmeda.

His contributions are worthy of the title of paladin.

But earning too many achievements causes jealousy.

High society is a dangerous place.

Aleha is aware that many envy him and monopolising achievements would lead to more disadvantages than advantages in high society.

That is why Aleha left the taking of the major objective, Wulfenite, to others and also avoided the southern invasion, instead volunteering for the unappealing role of locking down the enemy’s forces.

Of course that was not all, it was also because the enemy this time was special for him.

――Bogan Argalitte Vezrinea Christand.

Alberan Kingdom’s famous northern general.

Aleha had suffered many defeats at the hands of Christand before becoming a general.

Christand’s attacks are relentless.

He would attack weak points, causing the formation to collapse, push through and deal critical damage in one strike.

If attacked, he would absorb it, then counterattack even harder.

His attacks are lightning quick and relentless, nobody could endure it and he has never lost a battle with equal numbers.

Aleha had already realised his talents when he faced Christand and had broken through Christand’s defenses many times.

But each time, the Christand army would break through the empire’s weak points even quicker, forcing Aleha to retreat despite his local victories.

Everybody focuses on Christand’s relentless attacks, but his army’s greatest strength is in their retreat.

The parts of his army at a disadvantage would have a multi-stage retreat planned out, allowing them to weaken the enemy’s momentum and buy time until a counterattack can deal a critical blow.

Aleha has read every record about Christand and has studied him more than anyone.

You could even say that Aleha managed to come this far by studying Christand’s many tactics.

Bogan Christand, the great commander that rose through the ranks with his abilities alone despite being born as a low-ranking noble.

Aleha has similar circumstances, being born as the third son and unable to succeed the family, sent to the army instead. So despite being enemies, Christand’s brilliant achievements inspired him.

If they had been born in the same country, Aleha would have been a devote follower of Bogan.

This is the first time Aleha faces Christand in the same position of general.

His role is to intentionally create a stalemate, occasionally skirmishing but avoiding a decisive battle and locking down the enemy forces.

Aleha would like to defeat Christand and is slightly dissatisfied with this role, but also believes that nobody else can contain Bogan.

Because he had studied Christand more than anyone else, he could understand Christand’s thinking.

Aleha had stabilised the stalemate and believed he had seen through Christand’s plans, which is why Bogan’s sudden movement confused him.

The enemy had shifted camp to the east.

To the side of the eastern mountains――what is the aim behind this bold move?

Bogan might have moved most of his forces to the east, but breaking through the northern forest is still impossible.

It would require vast amounts of manpower and stretch out the supply lines.

The Holy Elsren Empire’s land mostly consists of plains and the Empire’s soldiers are not used to fighting in a forest. The Empire also produces many good horses and has added nomads to their forces. The strength of the Empire’s army is their powerful cavalry, losing that greatly reduces their capabilities.

No matter which path they took, if they did not defeat the enemy’s main force, they would be flanked and be in a predicament.

That is the conclusion he arrived at after considering his own forces.

Naturally the enemy also made that bold move with this in mind.

They saw through his intentions of creating a stalemate and is confident that the Empire is not aiming to break through the north.

There is a certain flow in both tactics and strategy.

It requires an extreme amount of effort to change this flow once it has started.

The invasion force’s current plan is to invade the south.

It is impossible to change that by now and Aleha is forced to respond with these conditions.

“What is his aim? ……either way, we must also move. We will move camp to the east.”

If left alone, Christand’s position would allow him to easily target the Empire’s supply lines.

No matter the reason, the enemy is a force of twenty thousand.

They had to match the enemy’s movements.

“……ah, so that’s why.”

Aleha smiled.

He had examined the land around the pieces and quickly understood Christand’s intentions.

A strange movement――a very un-Bogan-like movement.

“It’s probably a coordinated move with the enemy’s foolish central army. They’re trying to dam the river.”

It is not Bogan’s plan.

Aleha saw a larger overall strategy behind the Christand army’s movements.

The enemy’s capital is in a mess with the struggle over succession, so they had been forced to be reactive even in this predicament.

There had probably been some popular opinion rushing them to take back Wulfenite, so the Kingdom’s central army must have made a plan for that.

And Bogan has been ordered to assist by damming the river.

“Just to dry up Wulfenite’s moat? Unthinkable of that famous Christand.”

Damming a river is extremely difficult.

The dam itself would become a second key location after the headquarters, forcing them to split their forces.

The enemy already has inferior numbers and doing this when the Empire is free to move is reckless.

“……I see, then.”

“Yeah, it’s time. Our goal was to create a stalemate, but if we can defeat the Christand army, we would gain a large advantage……even if the general is great, when the country is so incompetent, it’s pitiful.”

Aleha had been dissastifed with creating a stalemate.

His respect for Bogan had grown even as he was humiliated by Bogan in his defeats.

These feelings are why Aleha was delighted as he made the decision.

“We will deploy the army to the east. First we will break the dam and setback the enemy’s plans. Our casualties will be large when crossing the river to fight, but greater honour awaits us. The empire will no longer taste defeat at the hands of Christand.”

The men smiled and clenched their fists as they listened to Aleha’s proclamation.

They had defeated many formidable enemies under Aleha’s superb command.

They have seen his skills in his rapid blitz invasion and occupation.

His subordinates believed that Aleha should have been the one in charge of invading the south――and they delighted at this opportunity.

The popularity, trust and faith that Aleha has built up is proof of his greatness.

As long as they follow him, everything will work out――his devoted followers felt no apprehension.

“Yes sir!”

That is why nobody had any misgivings about giving up the initiative so easily.

And they stepped into the battlefield they would never return from.



* * *



――Information is delayed.

There are scouts and spies that seek out enemy information.

But they are human and even with horses, it would take time if there is distance.

And when information is delayed, naturally response is also delated.

By the time the Holy Elsren Empire’s army arrived, the battlefield had already become a muddy quagmire.

The water that had overflowed from the southern Bezren river has soaked into the land. The soil is largely clay, causing the armoured soldiers to sink down to their ankles, draining their stamina and causing discomfort.

Aleha could not be sure if this was a coincidence.

No, deep down, he was uneasy――maybe the enemy had lured them here.

But either way, they needed to prevent the enemy’s dam and in order to do that, they had to come here.

Because Aleha saw this as an assist to an attack on Wulfenite, Aleha had to make this decision.

Exactly because Aleha knew Bogan Christand better than anyone else, he interpreted this sudden weird movement as an order by the Kingdom’s capital.

The Empire has the advantage in numbers.

The Empire ate up a large chunk of territory in their blitz invasion and the disordered Kingdom is in a predicament.

If Christand were to lose an engagement in this situation, the Kingdom would not just be in a predicament, it would definitely collapse.

Any sane general would be painfully aware of this heavy responsibility.

It is unthinkable that someone in that position would choose this place as a battlefield just to take back the initiative to deal a painful blow.

And most of all, Aleha knows that Bogan Christand is more cautious than any other man.

Aleha is not a foolish general.

He is skilled and with time and experience, he would have become a great general remembered by history.

But at this time he was still young and did not know to reconsider his own decisions.

This was the turning point.

Even if the river is dammed, Wulfenite is still tough.

Even if Christand’s intentions are as Aleha imagined, the Empire could easily hold out.

Aleha should have realised the foolishness of entering this place, retreat and maintained a defensive line.

But he was young and seeked prefection.

Aleha set up camp across the river from Christand, but he did not fight.

The river is wide and shallow in this area, the riverbed mostly gravel, even with water, it is possible to break through.

But if Aleha sent in his forces in this situation, there is the possibility of the enemy breaking the dam and suffering large losses in the resulting flood.

A careless attack is dangerous.

The soldiers are also tired because of the muddy ground.

There are many cases of carriages getting stuck and he had to mobolise the cavalry to help them.

His forces are split and he cannot attack immediately.

“……what is that?”

But at this point, something new rushed Aleha.

By the river――on the west side, where the enemy’s right wing is, a crude fortress is being constructed.

It is so crude that it is more scaffolding than a fort.

But it’s existence is still a threat.

How did they get the resources for that in this short amount of time――then he looked at the river.

I see, Aleha glared at the fortress.

They had probably thrown logs that they had cut in the mountains into the river before damming it, allowing the logs to flow down here.

They had probably focused on building it quickly.

The roof is just a layer of branches.

The barricade is full of gaps, simply logs hammered into the ground at regular intervals and connected with rope.

But the branches are enough to stop arrows and the barricade would slow a charge and stop horses.

If it is completed, it will be an even larger threat.

It is built on the area most suitable for a river crossing.

Any further west, the river grows narrower and deeper, the flow also becomes visibly faster.

Which means the left side of the battlefield is blocked off.

Going around it would be difficult.

Seeing the enemy’s unexpectedly thought out preparations, Aleha’s uneasiness grew

-End-





U.E. C.18: Work


As Aleha was having apprehensions――Krische was temporarily put in charge of the engineers and was directing the construction of the fort.

“Please set up boards in this area, thin ones are fine. Something that can be used to hide from archers is enough. Also set up anti-cavalry stakes at regular intervals there. This place is quite far from the river crossing point to the west, so if they come across here it will be mainly cavalry. Be thorough with the countermeasures.”

“Yes ma’am. But is this really okay? This barricade is too――”

The engineer captain asked in confusion.

The barriacde to the front――facing the river, is full of gaps and looks too flimsy.

“Yes. The enemy will be soldiers exhausted from a river crossing. We just need to slow them down and drain their stamina and willpower.”

Selene pointed beyond the barricade as she spoke――to the stakes hammered into the grass at regular intervals.

The stakes were hammered deep into the ground and ropes were strung between them, hidden by the grass.

A simple trap that just trips up the enemy.

The enemy soldiers will be tense, agitated, exhausted as they run through the slippery riverbed in a rain of arrows.

Conducting a river crossing would wear out anyone’s nerves, so once they broke through, they would sprint forward in an attempt to establish a beachhead.

Once they tunnel vision on that, this trap, vines weaved into ropes and hidden in front of the fort, will be enough to break their spirits.

Anybody would panic if they tripped in the middle of a rain of arrows.

Since it is make-shift, it is not durable, but even if the ropes snap, new ones can just be set up at night.

Cutting the ropes for others while arrows rain from above would require self-sacrifice and cutting them all would require enormous effort.

Minimum cost for maximum effect.

Krische enjoys the trial and error to achieve this.

The goal is not to annihilate the enemy.

This fort has been built to drain the enemy’s morale and is quite fragile.

If this was a wide open field, it would be pointless and not worth the effort spent building it.

But if you consider it as a defensive position used to defend against an enemy’s river crossing, it is extremely effective――no matter what, the attacking side will always have more casualties when attacking across a river.

The soldiers’ morale will not be high, they can only hide their fear under a crazed fervor and advance.

That is exactly why obstacles that simply slow them down would be more than effective.

――Soldiers follow the backs of those in front.

The soldier standing in front is a hero and because of this hero, many soldiers are able to advance forward.

But if these heroes trip and die in a rain of arrows――the following soldiers will awaken from their fervor, realising they are next and stop short.

Reducing morale――this wicked fort is built just for this purpose.

But the creator, Krische does not have such a good understanding of the fine workings of a soldier’s mind.

Because of Krische’s unique thinking, she is bad at reading emotions.

Scared, sad, angry.

Even if she can see how people are feeling, she still cannot understand what makes them feel that way even with Bery’s education.

What situations cause fear and reduces the morale of soldiers?

She had intended to leave everything to Bogan and when she was put in charge of constructing the fort, this question had troubled her greatly.

After much thought, Krische decided to conduct a survey.

She gathered privates and corporals to her tent and asked each of them about terrifying experiences on the battlefield.

――One has to be brave to be a soldier. Each and every soldier has to be a hero.

The soldiers believed this and were unwilling to confess their cowardice, so the survey did not yield much results at first.

But the situation changed when Gallen joined in.

Gallen spoke of his time as a common soldier, confessing his own cowardice.

He spoke of how it is not shameful, it is natural to be frightened. In fact, true heroes are those that are aware of their fear but still gather their courage.

Gallen used to be famous and is currently the general’s aide. His words resounded deeply with the soldiers and changed their perception, allowing Krische to gather useful feedback from many soldiers.

This wicked fort was built according to that feedback.

The topic somehow changed from what situations are terrifying, to how to conquer that fear, but Krische did not care either way.

To summarise their answers, soldiers fight to protect their comrades and fear being alone the most.

Of course, their own death is scary. But if they do not conquer this fear, their comrades who are standing in the same shoes will pay the price, so soldiers risk their lives to protect their comrades.

They treasure the lives of the comrades with whom they had shared meals and fear being left alone――that seems to be common consensus among the soldiers.

But Krische did not have much interest in whether these opinions were actually correct.

Krische only saw it as a sense of aesthetics that soldiers shared. She was more interested in the process of how she received the feedback.

After her survey, Krische came to the conclusion that soldiers are ‘a flock of sheep led by a dog’.

There is a ‘dog’ who is the ‘revolutionary’ and ‘sheep’ who are ‘followers’

Followers agree with the revolutionary’s opinions and share in his views.

The revolutionaries are generally the valiant, fearless soldiers, the outstanding soldiers that lead the charge.

It is the same in the battlefield, followers follow the revolutionary who leads the way to death.

In that case, they just need to kill the revolutionary at the head of the flock.

Revolutionaries are the ‘ideal soldiers’ for other soldiers.

Krische predicted that there would be great effect if these revolutionaries are seen caught by trivial traps and killed helplessly.

This should be more than enough when their morale is low after a river crossing.

There is no time to build a perfect fort, they only need an effective fort.

Krische did not forget her objective.

“It does not matter if they focus their forces here and take the fort. There is no point even if they do.”

The fort’s rear――facing away from the river, is completely defenseless.

The number of stakes drop drastically and there is no defensive wall.

It is easy to retake from this side, it is easily rebuilt if broken and if there is a need, it is also easily abandoned.

This fort will not offer the enemy any tactical advantage.

If the enemy targets the fort, they will not be able to focus their forces at other areas and casualties can be minimised.

So Krische actually wants them to attack the fort.

“Okay, that should complete it. I will leave the rest to you. If there is time, please weave grass to make loops for tripping the enemy. Leave the remaining materials for repair.”

“Yes ma’am. Where will Krische-sama be heading?”

“Krischee’s role is done, so Krische will wait for master――ah, the general’s orders. Krische will transfer command to you, so just work with the third corps……nnn.”

Krische stretched, suppressing a small yawn.

She has been working day and night these past few days and is not getting enough sleep.

Krische usually sleeps twice as much as others, so this lack of sleep is especially tough for her.

She turned away, heading back to her tent to sleeep.

“Krische, how are things? I came to take a look.”

And that very moment, Selene showed up on a horse,

“Krische has finished giving the necessary instructions. Krische has left the rest to the captain, so please discuss with him.”

“……errr?”

The captain seemed bewildered as he was suddenly handed command while Krische looked completely indifferent.

Krische was expressionless like usual――but Selene has spent enough time with her to pick up on the minor details.

Krische’s usually wide eyes are slightly narrowed and she was mumbling a little. These are signs that she is sleepy.

Selene sighed as she examined Krische’s expression, then pulled Krische onto the horse.

Krische was wearing a skirt and mounted sidesaddle. As she settled into Selene’s arms, Selene pinched her cheek.

“Uuu……cheek……”

“Haaa……we’ll head back to the tent as we talk, so endure a little longer. Captain, is there any problems if I take her away?”

“N, no……we have received the necessary instructions, adjutant Christand.”

“Okay. If you need more resources or manpower, say so. Well, there will not be a large battle for a few more days, so there should be no need……but will you need a few more hands for repairs?”

“It will depend on the extent of the damage……but the structure is simple and the current personnel should be sufficient.”

“……okay. But the more I look at it, the more worrying the fort looks. It looks like it will collapse if we just leave it alone for half a year.”

The fort was built with waterlogged logs.

There is plenty of water prepared to extinguish fires and it will be very resistant against fire arrows. But it will also rot quickly and collapse.

“……we do not need this fort half a year later, so it is fine.”

Krische was sulking a little because her cheek was pinched.

They had prioritised building it quickly, so it is just a facade without any durability.

That is why Selene, who had studied the basics of fortifications, found it kind of disgusting.

She knew that Krische could have built a proper fort if she wanted to but intentionally did it this way.

But this is a matter of tastes.

“I know that, but this is more about how it feels.”

Selene embraced Krische’s warm, sleepy body and petted her head.

This is already a habit and was a subconscious action.

The captain stared at the sight of these two beautiful girls atop the horse.

Their close relationship is well known.

Krische is always expressionless and you cannot tell what she is thinking, but she acts like this when with Selene.

Although rumours of Krische’s abnormality has spread among the soldiers, her beauty and cuteness is also known.

This is especially because although Selene is out of their league――is their idol, they have seen Selene fussing over Krische. So the soldiers saw them as a brilliant and charismatic older sister and a slightly weird but genius younger sister.

Selene does not act unpleasant, she is not arrogant like other nobles.

She is willing to directly converse with common soldiers when there is a need to.

Her willingness to accept any useful feedback from them also makes her popular.

Just like with Grace in the village, Krische is protected from malice by Selene’s popularity.

“……seriously.”

As Selene steered the horse towards their tent, Krische’s eyes slid shut and she fell asleep in Selene’s arms.

Selene sighed in exasperation, but still slowed the horse’s pace, making sure not to wake Krische.

Seeing her sleep like a little girl while on the battlefield――on the frontlines might antagonise some because it looks like she is too relaxed.

But the two of them are blessed with looks and military talent, making them a sight for sore eyes. They are also about 14, 15 years of age――still on the border between child and adult, so they serve more to soothe the spirits of the soldiers and raise their morale.

The minimum age to become a soldier is 15, so to most soldiers they are still young and the soldiers feel protective of them.

The heroes protecting the two beautiful Christand princesses――it is like the setting of a ballad.

The Christand army’s soldiers are also well-natured and no one found this sight unpleasant.

This is also part of Selene’s plan.

Selene is aware of the negative rumours about Krische, but Krische is completely indifferent to them.

Selene decided that Krische’s position will grow worse if these rumours are left alone.

Normally, Selene would never allow them to see this side of Krische.

But Krische is unique and those that catch glimpses of her true nature would fear her.

Selene cannot do anything about that.

Krische is Krische and no matter what Selene says, that part of Krische cannot be changed.

Selene thought about how to change Krische’s image and came to the conclusion that showing this side of Krische should balance it out.

Krische is cool and collected, she is polite and serious――but because she was quite pampered in the village, her mental age is actually that of a child, so she acts younger than she looks.

Even Selene who has confidence in her own looks feels that Krische’s looks are perfect, she is a flawless beauty. In her case, her young mental age is another charm point.

Selene’s plan is quite effective and Selene was satisfied with the looks they were receiving.

But Selene’s is also still immature.

Krische is adorable when she is so defenseless. And since Bery is not around, Krische is only like this with Selene.

Krische’s detached way of thinking differs from others, but she is also purer and more innocent than anyone else.

There is the subconscious desire to show off that such a girl is so dependent on herself.

The chicken or the egg.

Either way, Selene’s actions helped Krische to blend into the army.

-End-





U.E. C.19: The Revolutionary and The Wicked Fort


Although the armies of the Kingdom and the Empire have slightly different structures, the soldiers in both armies are mostly voluntary.

Certain lands conscript the men as a form of tax, but either way, soldiers are assigned to reserve forces after a few months of training, only coming back one month a year (usually during winter after the harvest) for training.

If war breaks out, they will have to go and fight but they receive a salary and will not have to worry about their next meal during training, so many soldiers are from poor families.

In the Christand army, corporals and above are standing soldiers, some are even common soldiers that were promoted and became career soldiers. On the other hand, corporals in the empire are also reserve soldiers, this difference is largely due to financial reasons.

In the case of the Christand army, most of the running costs of the army is provided by the country.

In addition, Bogan himself uses the profits from the mines and farms he owns to employ the lower ranking commanders, including corporals, as career soldiers.

Bogan had made many achievements in the previous war, but lives frugally in a single estate with only one servant while investing most of his personal wealth in the army.

Bogan is an honourable soldier and an unusually dutiful noble. He believes the bountiful lands he was granted is to be used to fulfill his duties and is willing to spend on the army, which helps him in his duties.

Many under Bogan also follow his example and invest their own wealth in their soldiers, helping to maintain the strength of the Christand army.

Christand’s army is slightly unique in the amount invested into it, but the other generals of the Kingdom also employs similar methods, so you could say that this is the Kingdom’s standard.

The Kingdom focuses on the proficiency and quality of the army.

That is the strength of the Kingdom’s armies.

In comparison, the Empire’s territory is wide and the strength of the armies is greatly depended on the noble in charge of the land, leading to a wide disparity in the quality of soldiers.

Since nobles can go to war on their own once they get permission, there is a large difference in the quality of soldiers between border territories and inner territories (inner territories refers to territories neighbouring the territories under the Emperor’s direct control).

But the Curia wields great economical and political power. When they declare a ‘Holy War’, the nobles have to gather their forces, forming a large army in a short span of time to invade in the name of god.

The Curia planned to take over the Kingdom’s fertile southeastern territory while there was confusion over succession of the crown. They declared a ‘Holy War’ and gathered an army of hundred thousand from the western nobles.

The Curia provides most of the funding to the western nobles but will reap the profits from the occupied lands themselves.

The nobles welcome a ‘Holy War’ where they can receive funding to expand their territories and are willing to cooperate with neighbouring nobles whom they are usually on bad terms with.

A difference in numbers is an advantage in war.

That is the first thing anyone is taught about war. As long as their slice of the pie is guaranteed, the nobles are happy to cooperate with others and join a large army for the invasion.

On one hand, the Kingdom’s army which maintains a stable level of training and sets up stable supply lines, on the other hand, the Empire’s army which can gather a large army although there is a disparity in quality, and gathers most of its supplies through plundering.

It is difficult to say which is better in this time and age, but in this war at least, the difference in the structures of the armies has led to the Empire’s large army occupying the Kingdom’s eastern territories.



* * *



Krut was a poor farmer and is now a common soldier in the victorious Imperial army――he is part of the famous general Sarshenka’s northern army.

Krut was born as the third son in a small farm, he grew sick of stifling village life and watching his parents be exploited through taxation, so he enlisted as a soldier.

A common situation for a soldier.

Soldiers do not become soldiers because they want to, but because they have to.

That is the case for soldiers in the Elsren Holy Empire. The disparity of wealth in the empire creates poverty and soldiering is a job for the poor, serving to prevent further deterioration in public order.

‘Holy War’――plundering in the name of god is also a good chance to let these unstable elements blow off some steam.

The Empire is wide and cannot maintain order throughout its land, so it has the fundamental flaw of having to go to war regularly to let off some steam.

Massacres must not be conducted in towns with above a certain population.

This is dictated in the Sacred Convention but not because of any humane reason.

There are skilled artisans, intellectuals and merchants in towns.

This rule is set to avoid the killing of these human resources through plundering. For example, the deaths of merchants would lead to protests from wealthy classes and problems during postwar governance.

Merchants work together to protect their wealth, so if they killed merchants in other countries it would also affect trade in their own country.

That is why the Sacred Convention bars such acts in towns, but naturally small villages that do not fulfill that condition is not included.

Villages in occupied land pay the price for this rule. It is common knowledge among soldiers that there is an unspoken agreement that villages can be used to vent their frustrations.

The young man Krut unknowingly stepped into this hell.

It is common to hear about plundering during war from senior soldiers during the tough training.

Training is tough, but you can do whatever you want in war.

You can rape the village’s beauties who would usually ignore you, you can steal all the valuables you want.

Life may be horrible, but that is the one time in your life you can enjoy it to the fullest.

Krut nodded and agreed, but he is quite a virtuous man.

He did not agree with his seniors.

Krut did not want dirty reality――he admired the heroes of legend.

He did not join in the plundering and rape that occurred in this war and it was all he could to suppress his disgust.

The screams stuck in his ears, it was unbelievable that people could toy with and slaughter helpless, innocent villagers.

The ghastly sight of humans being treated like objects, of the unspeakable rape were burnt into his eyes and he could not to sleep properly for the next few days.

It was his corporal, a man called Orzan that cheered him up.

Orzan is skilled in the sword, a daring and resolute man.

He is careless and cheerful, slightly vulgar and always talking about prostitutes.

Krut naturally assumed that Orzan also participated in the plundering, but he is actually an honourable man and was unexpectedly disgusted by rape, changing Krut’s opinion of Orzan.

“……a long time ago, my village was burnt down too. I was born in the Kingdom, but my village sheltered imperial soldiers. We were found out and the village was burnt.”

Orzan told Krut about his past.

Capturing enemy soldiers and holding them prisoner is fine, but sheltering them is treason to the Kingdom.

The village was burnt and to set an example――there was a silent agreement that rape of the villagers was allowed.

But the centurion that came to burn down the village brazenly walked into the village square, giving the villagers time to escape.

The only casualties were a few ruffians that fought back.

Orzan said that the centurion was probably reluctant to burn the village.

Thanks to that, he managed to escape to the Empire and is now serving as a soldier.

“At that time I resented him……but as time passed, I learned to be grateful. When I become a centurion, I want to be like him. It’s cool right? ……but I’m still stuck as a corporal though.”

Orzan spoke like a young boy talking about his hero.

Krut respected him.

In war it is kill or be killed.

But that does not mean they can be inhumane.

Orzan was just like how Krut imagined a hero would be.

At night, they trained together under the moonlight and Orzan shared his vulgar stories.

Krut grew to know Orzan’s other friends and learnt they were not as he imagined. They were disciplined men, good soldiers.

He decided to advance with them and one day climb the ranks to fix the corruption in this army.

This is Krut’s goal.

The men laughed and patted young Krut’s shoulder, praising him for his aspiration.

Krut had found his place with these warm comrades.

And today――

“Oi oi, don’t be so tense. It’ll be fine, no arrows will get to you here.”

“I, I know, corporal……”

They were crouching in the river, hiding in the shadows near the bank.

The river crossing was hell.

The river is already stained scarlet and bodies floated here and there.

The Empire’s army had succeeded in breaking the dam three days ago.

The river finally settled down today and they had launched an all-out attack.

The Sarshenka army won a crushing victory at the damming site and gained control of the area.

The enemy routed and ran――or that was the report Aleha received through the messenger from, his vice-general, Dakrasha, who was in command of the forces in the mountains.

The Empire is at an advantage in numbers both in the mountains and by the lake.

Dakrasha is quite a good general.

It is almost inevitable that they won, but it was easier than expected, making Aleha suspiscious.

Aleha knows of Christand’s outstanding retreat tactics and did not think Christand would let go of a key location so easily.

After receiving that report, Aleha wanted to take a cautious stance and spend some time to review the situation.

In that sense, he is certainly a brilliant general, but the people around him are not.

They believed that Christand was on the backfoot, fighting a battle he did not want. They rejoiced and sang praises of Dakrasha and Aleha.

Aleha had taken down the experienced general, Carmeda, during the invasion.

Because they knew of his amazing skills, they became blind sheep.

They believed that Bogan Christand was forced to fight here on the Kingdom’s order, this was also what Aleha thought at first and this belief had gained traction.

Part of Aleha also agreed with them and thought it is a good time to attack.

Most of all, they had gotten used to victory and after further victory in the mountains, the soldiers’ morale is high.

Aleha was swept along by their enthusiasm and decided on a large-scale assault.

Krut is deployed on the left wing and is part of the force attacking the fort.

They had heard that the enemy general’s, Christand’s own daughter――Krische Christand had personally taken command of the construction of this misshapen fort.

It looks so crude, like a gust of wind could knock it over.

Last night, they had been confident that knocking down that fort would be as easy as taking candy from a baby.

There were even some that spoke of their vulgar desire to strip naked the two beautiful Christand daughters.

But standing in a rain of arrows, the fort felt like a towering castle to Krut.

He desperately suppressed the trembling in his body and took deep beaths.

“You scared?”

“I, I’m not scared……”

“Gahaha, so you say. My balls are shriveling up. Oi, how ’bout you?”

Orzan called to the man next to them.

The man, a corporal, laughed and nodded.

“Yeah. I pissed myself just now.”

“You’re disgusting…… well, anyway, only crazies wouldn’t be scared in this situation. Everyone is the same, so relax.”

“……okay.”

“Oi, what happened to the first wave?”

“They failed. They didn’t reach the fort……there was shouting about ropes”

“Dammit, they set some stupid traps.”

That was when the signal came from the centurion.

Krut’s gripped his sword and shield tightly, suppressing the trembling in his body.

“――All troops, charge!!”

They stood and stepped out of the river as that shout reached them.

The fear and fervour made Krut feel like he was floating.

His feet were unsteady, it felt like they were floating in air.

“Let’s go Orzan, don’t die.”

“Yeah, you too――Oi!”

The corporal that had been joking with Orzan just now took an arrow to the foot.

Even if they covered their heads with large shields, there are still gaps.

The corporal collapsed and countless arrows rained down on him. The corporal writhed in pain, then stopped moving.

“……Krut! Don’t stand around! Let’s go!”

“Ye, yeah……”

Around them, soldiers tripped over something and died in the rain of arrows.

Someone shouted a warning about traps on the ground.

But it felt impossible to pay attention to the ground while arrows rained from above.

“Tsk.”

Orzan swung his sword at the ground, cutting a rope made of vines.

“Krut, just hold your shield above your head and the rest is luck. Whether you are looking or not, you will die when its your time. Keep your eyes on the ground――no, just shut up and watch my feet. That’s all you need to do.”

“O, okay……!”

A short distance away, Kurt saw the centurion die under a concentrated volley of arrows.

He and was once a common soldier and had a fierce face.

Even Orzan could not match his swordsmanship.

That centurion could easily take on two average soldiers.

But he died so easily.

“Don’t look, just, forward……. just look forward……”

That was the last thing Krut saw before he recited Orzan’s words, forcing himself to believe in them.

He saw a comrade collapse at the corner of his eyes.

He tried to ignore it.

He just followed Orzan’s feet.

“Gu……”

An arrow scraped Orzan’s leg. Orzan grunted but kept moving.

More and more arrows kept coming.

Another arrow scraped Orzan’s leg. Judging by the sound of arrows cutting through the air and slamming into their shields, a terrifying amount of arrows was being shot at them.

What does the sky look like right now?

But Orzan ran.

Krut followed.

Orzan grunted in pain.

Krut followed.

Orzan fell.

Krut stopped.

“O, Orzan-san……”

“Go, lea, leave me……!”

――Orzan’s shield looked like a porcupine with all the arrows in it.

Three arrows were embedded in his arm. In his shoulder too, here and there――an arrowhead stuck out from the side of Orzan’s still body.

Krut looked around.

Most were dead.

Krut realised that at some point, they had been leading the charge.

He could not see anyone else from his squad.

Krut felt his crotch grow warm.

He had pissed himself. He turned to run, but the river was far behind him.

Instead, the fort was right before his eyes.

“A, a, AAAAAAAAAAAaaah!!”

Countless bows were pointed at him. Krut raised his shield and just ran.

Was it fear or courage that kept him going?

He ran past Orzan’s corpse, ran even further.

Arrows landed right next to him.

If he was unlucky he would die, there is no need to look.

The barricade is right before his eyes. Once he climbs over this, there will be no more arrows.

“Eh?”

Krut was suddenly on the ground. His foot was stuck in a loop of wound grass.

He struggled, trying to stand up.

He tripped again and looked up.

Countless bows were still pointed at him.

An arrows stabbed into his right arm, left arm, abdomen.

His right eye went blind, something impacted his chest.

He struggled, writhed in pain.

He could not understand what had happened, he did not even have the chance to wield the sword he had practiced.

And Krut’s young life and dream ended.

-End-





U.E. C.20: Initiative


“The fort is doing well. It can probably hold a third wave.”

As the messenger reported to Bogan, he glanced at the creator of the fort, Krische.

Even at a time like this, she is still dressed in a black and silver one-piece dress and cloak. She sat in her chair, staring at the map on the table, showing no interest in the report.

She is wearing gauntlets and carrying her sabre and a short sword, but her outfit still stood out on the battlefield.

Krische can run faster than a horse when she strengthens her body with mana.

Krische’s reasoning is since she does not need a horse, she does not need to wear pants

In the village, women wore dresses――usually one-piece dresses.

That is why Krische does not like wearing pants when there is no need for them and stubbornly insists on wearing her dress and cloak even now.

To Krische, pants are only to be worn when she has to ride a horse and fight, her sense of aesthetics does not allow her to wear them otherwise.

The uniform and armour for soldiers below the rank of captain is fixed while those above that rank generally buy their own――they decide on their own clothing and armour.

So according to the rules, there is no problems with Krische’s attire and since she still takes the stance of just coming to deliver letters, no one could complain.

Krische is also quite stubborn about it because Bery told her not to stick her neck into strange things.

Since she came to deliver letters, anything else is ‘strange things’.

She participated in the meetings and fortification only because she was told to, Krische herself has no intention of participating in this battle at all.

Selene exasperatedly nagged her to wear armour, but she just wore gauntlets and said she was armoured.

Selene gave up on trying to convince her to wear anymore..

They are all aware of Krische’s skill and if she said that armour is heavy and more of a hinderance, they could not force her to wear it.

She is an absolute believer in efficiency.

If she says so, it is probably true.

Krische showed no interest at all in the report from the fort.

Although she is listening and pretending to look at the map, her thoughts are focused on the candy in her mouth.

Bery had predicted that Krische could not return immediately and sent additional candy.

Thanks to that, Krische can once again have her two candy a day while still leaving one for Bery, putting her in an extremely good mode.

Although Krische was deeply involved in the planning, the whole army is already informed of the enemy’s expected movements and how to react.

Bogan himself made changes to the plan and the Christand army’s officers, even lower-ranking ones, have been properly trained to share information. So there is nothing for Krische to do.

She is just sitting here because Selene told her to, Krische does not have anything in particular to do here.

“The commander of the forth corps, Faren, reports that he succeeded in his assault on the enemy supply train.”

“……excellent. As expected of commander Faren. This makes our situation even more advantageous.”

As they were constructing the fort, some troops had been sent to set up an ambush.

They had been sent to attack the enemy supply train that would pass through the mountains to the west and the report that they succeeded had just arrived.

It has already been ten days since they arrived here.

Seven days since the enemy arrived.

With the enemy’s supply lines cut, they will start to fall apart.

“I want to take this chance to break through them but……”

“We cannot……making the enemy ground a quagmire backfired. If we attack now, our casualties will be large. Charging through mud will be tough on the soldiers.”

Gallen shook his head in denial.

Selene spoke up.

“It’s been so sunny these few days. Won’t it dry up after a few more days?”

“If it continues yes――but so close to the mountains, the weather is unpredictable. It all depends on the weather. Either way, the enemy’s morale will drop with time. We can afford to wait a little. They should have brought enough to last half a month……Krische, what do you think?”

Krische did the calculations in her head.

The attack on the enemy supply train succeeded――but that does not mean they burnt all the supplies.

Since it was an ambush, they could not stay for long and there should have been quite a few guards.

The forth corps that raided the supply train is very good at what they do, but some will still slip by.

Krische considered the size of the ambush and the supply train and calculated how much supplies would have reached the enemy.

“They should have about fifteen days worth. If the enemy casualty rate continues as it is now, their casualties should reach about 4000. So they will need less supplies…… it will depend on when they notice the loss of the supply train from the Empire, but even if they realise by today, they should run out of supplies in twenty days at most.”

Krische rolled the candy around on her tongue as she answered.

“There is the chance of casualties accumulating and their supplies lasting longer……but in that case, they would completely lose their numerical advantage, so there should be no need to consider that.”

“I see. So the problem is――”

“Supplies from the ten thousand left in the west, or even from the enemy’s central force.”

“Yeah. But normally, a general would not request for supplies from the central force when it is preparing for the southern invasion. He should try to get supplies from the ten thousand in the west. The possibility is still there if they run out of options though……”

Bogan is a general and has the intelligence for it.

When he asks Krische something, it mostly involves detailed calculations.

Krische rolled the candy around in her mouth as she checked the enemy’s deployment.

“Is it possible to find out immediately when the enemy realises they lost their supplies?”

“That should be no problem. I already arranged for that.”

“Then once we receive confirmation, how about sending one corp, a force of 5000 to set up a defensive position at the river crossing point in the west? If we pretend to prepare for a night attack and send them out at night, the enemy’s response should be delayed.”

“……5000? Isn’t that too dangerous?”

Selene frowned.

“Even if the enemy sends a large force there, we can counterattack with the main force here and take the enemy headquarters. Conversely, if they leave most of their forces here, the corps can just hold the defensive position and keep the enemy there. This is their shortest route and if we occupy it, the enemy’s supply train will be forced to make a large detour, buying us time.”

“……aah. So it’s fine if the enemy supplies reach them? The corps at the defensive position is simply to annoy the supply train but will not actually attack.”

“Yes. A large detour will expend some of the supplies being delivered and the extra time it takes will reduce enemy morale. They will also have to request for more supplies even sooner.”

Bogan fell into thought for a while, then nodded.

“So the problem is reducing our main force……no, only so many troops can fight at one time. So you are saying we have enough reserves?”

“Yes. We just need to buy some time for a few days and force the supply train to make a detour. Then the corps at the defensive position can be moved again, either to standby as reserve forces again or even be used to flank the enemy. Krische believes it is best to keep to the initial plan and maintain the stalemate here unless there is a good opportunity.”

“All right. Let’s do it….. messenger, call Kokys.”

“Yes sir!”



* * *



“Hahaha, I see. It certainly seems like a difficult mission, but I was getting bored. Please leave it to me.”

The second corps commander Kokys Nakutra Rinea Agrand――a large man built like a boulder.

It looked like he even trains the muscles on his face.

That is how muscular his huge body is and he feels even larger inside the tent.

His helmet and armour resembles a tiger, making him look even more imposing and heroic.

His thick voice is loud and makes Krische frown a little every time he speaks.

His voice and body and everything else is large.

In a tent, he makes it feel claustrophobic, but his large voice and size becomes an advantage on the battlefield, giving the soldiers a strong sense of reassurance.

If the commander of the first corps, Nozan, is ‘flexible’ in his command of his soldiers, then Kokys is ‘solid’

He is the best in the Christand army for simple charges and defense, he is also an excellent fighter.

He has taken countless heads in personal combat and the soldiers that follow this hero are also extremely strong.

They are most suitable for this mission.

“But the general really has adopted a good daughter. Both girls have a good sense of tactics that most men do not. I wish my son would learn from them.”

Kokys looked at the handsome messenger as he spoke.

The young man lowered his eyes and silently endured that gaze.

“Don’t say that Kokys. Guran is also doing his job well. I’m not like other generals, I only use quick-witted and competent messengers.”

“He’s just too cowardly. I’ve heard Krische-sama easily cut down a dozen bandits.”

“She is special. Even I couldn’t beat her in a sword fight. And there is nothing wrong with cowardice. We just need to give each person a role that matches their nature and makes full use of their abilities.”

“I understand that but……”

Kokys still did not look convinced, but raised his hands in surrender.

“Kokys, you decide when to retreat.”

“Yes sir. If the enemy exceeds ten thousand, we will only be able to hold out two or three days.”

“That’s fine. If you judge it is impossible, then withdraw immediately.”

“Otou-sama, how about sending the engineers that were building the dam? They should be useful in building a defensive encampment……”

“That’s a good idea. Kokys, bring along all the engineers you need. Krische, how much of the reserve material from the fort can we use?”

“……about half of the reserve. We left quite a lot just in case.”

They had only used half the resources used to build a normal fort.

The engineers had floated roughly enough resources to build a normal fort down the river, so there is a lot left over.

“In that case……it would be better to start shaving the logs into stakes now. There will not be much time when building the defensive encampment.”

“Indeed. I will get my forces to do it.”

“Kokys, don’t tell them why. We don’t know where the enemy has ears. Pretend it is an order from me that they are to help repair the fort for now.”

“Yes sir. I will only tell my adjutant and the battalion commanders involved.”

Kokys stepped out of the tent.

Such a loud man, Krische puffed out her cheeks a little in annoyance.

Selene scolded her for making that expression and poked her cheeks, making the air puff out.



* * *



After that the Christand army continued to maintain the initiative in the battle with Sarshenka’s army.

It took two days for Aleha to realise they had lost the supply train from the Empire.

He immediately sent a messenger to make an urgent request for supplies from the remaining force in the west.

The next day, Aleha realised a force of 5000 had disappeared from the enemy army and sent out a force of 6000 centered around the nomadic cavalry.

At this point, the armies facing off across the river numbered 11000 on Christand’s side and 13000 on Sarshenka’s.

The supply train they were counting on was devastated by an ambush and the supplies from the other force were forced to make a detour.

The drop in morale was severe. Their numerical advantage is lost and the failure of the first river crossing had lasting effects. Christand’s army is strong and just a slight advantage in numbers cannot be counted on.

And now they are running out of food――at this rate, defeat is inevitable.

The improvement in their ground because of the good weather only served to worsen their predicament now.

The ten thousand that stayed behind cannot be moved.

If they were moved east and the enemy’s central army attacked Wulfenite, the enemy could easily sever the supply lines.

No matter how strong a fortress is, it cannot function alone.

A fortress only has strategical value if there are supply lines to support it.

Aleha still believed his initial assessment that Christand’s actions are to assist an attack on Wulfenite and this limited his course of action.

He had conveyed his opinion on why Christand moved to the Wulfenite defensive force and the southern invasion army, so they were also forced to wait although they were ready to invade the south.

This is because the best case scenario for the Empire is the Kingdom attempting to retake Wulfenite.

Although the Empire took the Kingdom by complete surprise, the Empire paid a large price to take Wulfenite.

Wulfenite is simply such an excellent fortress.

The Empire believes that if the enemy tries to retake Wulfenite, they could easily repel the attack with the force in Wulfenite and the two armies to the north and south――once the Kingdom’s central army is repelled, the south would be isolated and easier to invade.

In fact, it may even become possible to take the enemy capital.

That would mean complete victory in this war.

But naturally, the other two armies did not just blindly believe Aleha’s message and gathered information with their own spies. The reports are clean――there is no information of such an attack.

It is only a matter of time before they are certain that this is an independent move by the Christand army.

But the battle in the north would come to an end before that.

“General! Vice-general Dakrasha is――”

It was right after Aleha made the tough decision――the decision to send a messenger to request for supplies from the central force.

Aleha was in his headquarters, reviewing the state of the battlefield from atop his horse, when he received the report of the death of his vice-general, who had been in command of the right wing――the force in the mountains.

At the same time, he learnt that the chain of command was in chaos with the loss of the second-in-command as well.

Like the Kingdom, high-ranking officers of the Imperial army has assistants that can take over in times of need――similar to the adjutants of the Kingdom’s army.

Usually those one rank lower would take over, in the Kingdom’s army, corps commanders will receive a battlefield promotion if something happened to the general. But they are usually in a different location and cannot take over immediately.

The most important job of assistants or adjutants is to temporarily take command at these times.

But if they were all lost in battle, the chain of command would collapse.

They would need to look even further down the ranks for the most senior officer that can take charge, but being in the mountains made this extremely difficult.

The soldiers in the mountains are panicking and being taken down separately.

Aleha had known that the enemy would plan a flanking attack through the mountains. That is why he put his trusted vice-general in command.

But when Dakrasha was defeated so easily and the first report was of his death instead of commencement of battle, even Aleha’s intelligent mind froze for a moment.

“What happened to the defensive line in the mountains!? I sent four thousand troops! How did this happen……!?”

“Hii”

The usually calm general snapped and grabbed the messenger by the collar, terrifying the messenger..

Seeing the messenger’s expression, Aleha realised he was just taking it out on the messenger and quickly released him.

Aleha Sarshenka is a man capable of recognising his own mistakes and correcting them.

“……sorry. It is not your fault…… so, what is the situation?”

“Everyone is confused……I was sent to inform you immediately, but err……”

“I need information, anything. What is it?”

“Er, there was a monster……”

“……monster? A magical beast?”

Just like how some humans can use mana, there are also animals that can do the same.

Animals are already stronger than humans, but magical beasts are on a whole other level, killing one is so difficult that the achievement is worthy of knighthood.

Magical beasts usually lurk deep in uninhabited forests or mountains, but there was no such information of one in this area.

But if that is the truth, they were unlucky.

“No, er……apparently, it was a silver-haired demon that looked like a young girl.”

“……it should just be a powerful noble. I guess normal soldiers would see it like that……”

There is a large difference between those that can use mana and those that cannot.

There are individual differences and it does not apply to all cases, but those with a certain level of technique and mana would seem like monsters to average humans.

The enemy second corps commander who easily wields a large spear fully made of steel is a good example.

But a skilled mana user or a magical beast.

Aleha was not sure which was worse.

“――General! Enemies have appaeared from the mountains on the right.”

“Shit! Send out Tagan and his reserves, don’t let them get close to the river no matter what! We cannot let the enemy get a beachhead on this side.”

Aleha clicked his tongue as he watched the new messenger get back on his horse and gallop away.

What should I do. What should I――

“General……we can still make it. Please give the order to retreat.”

The assistant that spoke to him was old, but his body is well-trained.

“Retreat!? Don’t you know what will happen if we retreat? The invasion――”

“……young master.”

The assistant――Walter Grizlandy was Aleha tutor when he was younger and addressed him like in the past.

“……you should have realised. The initiative will no longer come back to us.”

His tone was reprimanding

Walter took his simple helmet with a red plume and a large steel spear from his page and equipped himself.

“We fell for general Christand’s cunning misdirection this time. That is reality and it is a great failure……but you are still young. You can recover from this. At least, that is what I believe. You have learned from many failures and grown stronger each time. I have stood by your side and seen that many times.”

“……Walter.”

Aleha clenched his fist.

There is no other choice.

It is only a matter of time before the enemy secures a beachhead with the surprise flank attack.

Since the troops in the mountain cannot be counted on, the numbers are even――no, disadvantaged.

(T/N: Original says troops in the forest, I’m assuming that’s a typo)

After the failed river crossing and lack of food, the ambush and an all-out attack would cause morale to be completely lost and irrecoverable.

Aleha knew this.

“I will take the rear. Tagan will become a good commander. You will need him as a subordinate……I will take on the enemy’s blade. Call him back and retreat together.”

Aleha lower his face to hide his anguish, but his voice trembled when he spoke.

“……I will avenge you, Walter. I swear on my own name.”

“That is the young master I know……Good luck, may the blessings of god be with you.”

“I will bring honour and glory to share with you in heaven.”

Walter smiled as he rode off.

Aleha could only watch him leave for a short while before he had to switch back to being a general.

-End-





U.E. C.21: The Two Beauties


In the dim interior of the tent, there is only the slow breathing of a sleeping silver-haired girl.

“Nnn……”

The girl’s eyes opened slightly and she reached out sleepily, looking for something.

Her hand landed on a blanket. She slowly fumbled through it, feeling under it.

She is alone in the bed.

It is noisy outside, she can hear voices and sounds of soldiers moving about.

――oh yeah, this is a battlefield.

She was still sleepy but could not relax enough to go back to sleep.

She slowly sat up and looked around.

Selene was not in the tent. She must have woken up earlier.

Krische sat there hugging the blanket for a while, staring blankly into space.

She felt the pouch hanging from her neck with only one piece of candy inside.

She fiddled with the candy through the cloth as she stood up.

Krische washed her face with water from a pitcher, waking herself with the cool water.

The surrounding temperature is not that low, but it still felt chilly.

She grabbed her cloak and wrapped it around herself.

She grabbed the bread she had set aside and dipped it in cold soup.

It does not taste that bad. She tore off small pieces and filled her stomach.

Unusually, she was not in the mood to enjoy the taste and finished her meal quickly.

Should I brew some tea?

Krische felt like drinking something warm, but also felt too lazy.

Then master’s tent.

But her feet were heavy.

She sat on the bed and stared into space.

Her mind might not be fully awake yet.

She sat there blankly, just toying with the candy bag.

“……Krische wants to go back and cook with Bery.”

Krische muttered to herself.

At that moment, someone pulled open the tent’s entrance.

“Hm? You woke up? I thought you would still be asleep.”

Her beautiful blonde hair whipped left and right like a horse’s tail.

Selene smiled as she drew closer and clasped Krische’s cheeks between her hands.

Her hands felt warm in the chilly tent.

“Good morning. The sun rose a while ago.”

“……yes, good morning.”

“Have you ate? Did you wash your face?”

“Er……yes.”

Krische nodded.

Selene patted her head and sat down next to her on the bed.

“There’s a meeting at noon, so I came to wake you up. Is your mind awake?”

“……ehehe, yes.”

Krische hugged Selene.

Selene smiled wryly and petted Krische’s head as Krische pressed herself closer.

“And this is how you act when your mind is awake? Never mind, saves me some trouble.”

Selene smiled and rubbed her cheek against Krische’s.

She gently combed her fingers through Krische’s long hair.

“We have some time……so, Krische, can you brew us some tea? Today……I will have the same as you, sweet with plenty of honey.”

“And plenty of milk?”

“Yes. The same.”

“Okay.”

Krische smiled and nodded.



* * *



They have complete control of the initiative.

The enemy is forced to react to their movements and under their control.

――It is time.

“I believe it is time to attack. Any objections?”

Nobody objected to Bogan’s statement.

Everyone in the tent nodded deeply in agreement.

“……since there is no movement from the central army, we will have to drive back the enemy by ourselves. I would rather bet on our victory than on the south holding out.”

Selene spoke up and Gallen showed his agreement.

Bogan also nodded and turned to Krische,

“Krische. What do you think?”

“Krische wants to hurry up and go home to cook with Bery……so Krische would rather finish up quickly.”

Everyone smiled wryly at Krische’s honesty while Selene pinched her cheek for being too relaxed.

Krische showed no doubts at all about their victory.

Her lack of tension helped to remove any uneasiness the others felt about this gamble and hastened their decision――and the battle begun.



* * *



――Finish up and go home.

That sounds really attractive, so Krische suggested a plan to infiltrate the enemy camp in the mountains and volunteered to participate herself.

But Krische’s vague position could lead to confusion, so Selene was put in charge of a specially formed assault squad and Krische was assigned to be her adjutant.

The plan is to infiltrate the mountains at night, followed by a bold surprise attack on the enemy’s mountain command post at dawn.

The forth corps will follow up after Krische’s squad ambushes the enemy command post.

Their role is to support this attack by paralysing the enemy’s chain of command.

Krische is used to running around the forest and the dense trees are not an obstacle for her.

For this mission, 500 soldiers used to the mountains, such as former hunters, were chosen.

They advanced silently with Krische in the lead.

“Ah――”

Krische leapt down from the trees and swung her sword twice.

She cut the throats of two patrolling soldiers without giving them time to scream. Fresh blood spouted out as they fell to the ground.

――Twenty seven.

Krische counted the number she had killed as she glanced at her cloak.

Her cloak was stained red with blood, making her pout in dissatisfaction.

Normally it would be possible for her to avoid the blood, but the objective is to prevent them from shouting and avoid detection.

It is difficult to do that and still avoid the blood.

Her cloak had grown heavy with the blood that soaked it, she wanted to take it off.

It is now dawn. The 500 selected soldiers had climbed the mountain in the dark of night and infiltrated from the enemy’s flank.

The morning light created shadows, making it even darker under the trees.

The now dark red cloak is not so bad at this time.

Krische forced herself to keep it on with this logic as she raised a hand to signal the others.

The trees rustled as men stepped out, all looking fearfully at the girl in front of them. Even Selene was looking at Krische with a severe expression.

Krische focused on reliability and took on the role of leading the squad and dealing with patrols.

Even if the soldiers were chosen for their ability to move in the mountains, she could not be sure of their ability.

Krische left them to focus on keeping an eye on their surroundings and finding enemy patrols while she disposed of the sentries.

Krische found this to be a reliable and efficient system and is quite satisfied with it. But seeing her casually cut down the sentries without receiving a single wound filled the soldiers with fear.

That is a natural reaction after watching her kill more people that can be counted on both hands and feet so easily.

Even among veteran soldiers, not many would be able to say they killed enough enemies in one day to count on both hands.

Soldiers fight in a state of extreme tension while battling the fear of death, their lives are constantly on the line.

Anyone that stands on the frontlines and kills five in a single battle is already a hero.

Killing a single enemy and staying alive is the most that most soldiers can do.

This is the norm for most soldiers and that is why they are terrified by Krische.

It is true that any who kills many with a single life becomes a hero of the battlefield.

In a sense, soldiers are career murderers, but Krische is too business-like, too different from their image of a hero.

Krische calculates the most efficient way to kill and executes it.

This is not fighting, this is assassination.

That is the role required of her, but she does it too methodically.

She accurately identifies the enemy’s blindspots and the timings in their breathing when they relax, then strikes――as a result, they die without realising what had happened.

No matter what the enemy did, it is an unavoidable death.

The instant she found the sentries, they were dead men. The soldiers could not understand Krische, but they could understand how the enemies might feel.

They could accept it if they lost by the sword in battle.

But how would it feel to be killed like this in the middle of the forest, without any honour, without even knowing what had happened.

――They imagined it and trembled.

And that lead to the image of what would happen to them if this girl’s sword turned on them.

Many of these chosen soldiers are former hunters and have a good understanding of how and what it means to take a life.

But she is not hunting animals, she is hunting humans.

They could not understand how Krische could so calmly and methodically kill without any hesitation just because she needs to, it is creepy.

“……are you okay?”

Selene approached Krische and patted her head, aware the soldiers’ feelings.

Krische acts as normal even as the soldiers stared at her.

She smiled a little as Selene patted her head.

She lifted a corner of her cloak and looked up at Selene.

“Krische’s cloak is soaked with blood. Even though Bery bought this for Krische……can the stains be washed off?”

“If they can’t then I’ll get a new one for you…… sorry about making you do this. I’ll do anything you want once we get home.”

“……anything?”

Krische put a finger to her lips, blushing a little.

“Then, Krische wants to have tea in Selene’s room again. Drink some tea, er……with the three of us, and eat some, cookies……”

“You really don’t wish for much. Well……that’s fine, I’ll join you.”

“……ehehe.”

Selene had known this would happen when Krische volunteered.

After seeing it for herself, Selene could understand why the soldiers would fear her.

This side of Krische stood out even worse because of the gap with the usual image of Krische Christand――the general’s beautiful and cute daughter.

Even the experienced centurions who looked reluctant at first, uneasy because of Krische’s appearance and youth, now looked at her with fearful eyes.

Selene wanted Krische to wait with Bogan.

Even if Krische does not care, Selene does.

It is sad and painful that the Krische she loves is being looked at like this.

But this is a stealth mission through the enemy’s defensive line in the mountains.

Krische’s plan of disrupting the chain of command and quickly breaking through the mountains with the forth corps to conduct a surprise flank attack and secure a beachhead on the river’s southern bank would be difficult for Selene to carry out by herself.

Of course Selene understands how the tactic works and knows what to do, but when it comes to whether she can actually take command and execute it, she is not so sure.

Selene has only acted as an adjutant so far.

This is the first time she actually takes command outside of training.

The responsibility of leading this special assault squad is too heavy for Selene to bear alone.

This is why Bogan decided to use Krische, expecting Selene to serve as the buffer between Krische and the soldiers.

Selene is also aware that this is her role.

She felt vexed, but was also relieved.

Bogan is an extremely practical person.

Krische has unique――exceptional ability.

Selene has good, but clearly inexperienced skill.

He calmly assessed their abilities and assigned them suitable roles.

Because Selene understood this, she felt pathetic.

Managing 500 soldiers in the mountains is really quite difficult.

Simply advancing while scouting the surroundings and finding the correct timings for small breaks is difficult. Even with experienced soldiers, she has to pay attention to make sure there are no stragglers.

If she also has to choose the infiltration route, which is currently being done by Krische, it would be too difficult for her.

Once the battle begins, information will become even more complicated and confusing.

That is why though she curses her own inexperience, she is also grateful for Krische’s presence.

Krische’s genius intuition and swordsmanship has allowed them to infiltrate further than expected.

This is also because they had slipped through the gaps in the enemy defensive line that Krische had derived from the geography.

It is all because of Krische that they manage to infiltrate so far without any large battles.

Selene initially planned to make a large detour through higher mountain paths and get behind the enemy, then quickly breakthrough weak points in the defensive line. This infiltration plan made full use of the soldiers’ hiking experience.

But this plan would involve combat and they would have to rush to get to the enemy command before news of their infiltration did.

This would have been extremely exhausting for the soldiers.

Instead, Krische suggested climbing the mountain in the night then taking a long break before descending.

Krische descended first without using a rope and scouted the area, getting rid of any patrolling sentries.

After that the soldiers carefully descended using ropes and they slipped through the gaps in the defensive line, completely avoiding combat. They just need to watch out for any patrols or reserve forces.

Although they need to be on guard while advancing, the chance of exposure is low since they are not fighting, resulting in lesser mental and physical strain.

Once they have carefully descended from the mountain, they can infiltrate deep into enemy lines without wasting energy or fighting.

As a result, they have infiltrated much further than the ideal point in Selene’s plan.

How could I have done this with just my troops without Krische?

Selene almost got distracted by that thought but forced herself to focus on the matter at hand.

“……this should be the limit. The enemy’s command post should be right ahead of us.”

“Yes. We managed to completely avoid the enemy guards so far……but this is the limit. Judging by the position of the enemy forces, the command post is a little further south.”

Krische’s tone was confident.

Krische understood the enemy’s arrangement and knew their position as if she had eyes in the sky.

She must have a mental map and compass.

Her answers are always concise and confident.

Selene will never be able to match Krische at this.

Selene opened up a crude map and confirmed their position with Krische.

Selene can recognise their current location based on how long they had walked and their pace, but not as precisely as Krische.

She corrected the slight error between her perceived location and Krische’s, pondering what had caused the error. The map? Their pace? Or did she misread the land?

After meeting Krische, Selene had worked on understanding herself well.

She learnt about her own abilities, what she is good at, what she is bad at.

Bogan had always told her to know her own flaws and Selene finally understood what he meant after meeting Krische.

Krische is someone that Selene could never defeat. But Selene can learn from her and get closer.

In order to this, she needs to understand where she is lacking, then she can work on improving, refining herself with her inborn ambition and diligence.

This is Selene’s strength.

There are great expectations of Selene, not just as a suitable successor to the hero, Bogan Christand, but as someone who can exceed him. However, Selene herself never believed that she was talented.

She believes she is a normal person who was simply blessed with the opportunity to study under many excellent tutors.

Her humility and willingness to learn made her even more popular and attractive.

Thus nobody complained about her taking command for such an important mission despite her youth. In fact, they were motivated to fight for her.

The soldiers’ loyalty to the general’s daughter, Selene Christand suppressed their fear of Krische, balancing out well and allowing them to advance orderly and stealthily.

There was also not much objection to Krische taking the lead and dealing with sentries mostly because it was Selene’s decision.

Krische also values Selene’s popularity highly.

Krische knows that it would not have gone so well if she was by herself.

She takes things too lightly and does not consider long-term implications.

It is because of Krische’s outstanding abilities that she unknowingly developed this bad habit.

It stems from her absolute confidence in herself.

Krische is indifferent to whether the soldiers listen to her.

If they listen, good.

If they do not listen, then she will punish them herself for disobeying orders in accordance to the rules, exactly according to the rules――with death.

Krische has no hesitation about doing this and believes she can deal with any problems that occurs.

If she can deal with it anyway, then she doesn’t care as long as a certain number is left.

Krische’s bad habit makes her come to such conclusions too easily.

She expected to have to sacrifice two or three, but that loss became unnecessary with Selene in charge.

Krische only saw the soldiers as numbers and did not care much either way, but fewer losses is better.

This way she does not need to conduct any executions and the soldiers still follow obediently.

Krische is grateful to Selene for this.

Selene is simply doing her best to not be a burden to Krische while constantly learning from her.

They rate each other highly, are aware of the other’s capabilities and complement each other.

Commander and adjutant. The two of them had unknowingly created the ideal working relationship.

“They should not have noticed us…… this is your achievement, Krische. Thanks to you, we will have quite an advantage.”

“Krische only led the way. It would not have gone so well with Krische alone, so the achievement belongs to Selene. Also, Krische only came to deliver letters.”

“……you are still saying that?”

“Uuuu……..”

Selene pinched Krische’s cheek exasperatedly.

Krische looked at Selene in protest as her soft cheek was stretched out.

It was not painful but she did not like having her cheek pulled.

But Selene likes pulling on Krische’s cheeks as much as patting her head, Krische’s reproachful eyes would not stop her.

Krische can understand that Selene did not do it out of malice, but strong goodwill――love, according to Bery.

Selene smiled and patted Krische’s head, then declared.

“……eventually, I will make it so that Krische does not have to do these kind of things. Then Krische can always cook with Bery at home.”

“……always cook.”

“Yes, always……so for now, lend me your strength.”

Krische thought for a moment, then smiled and nodded.

Grace and Gorka, Gallen and Galla――now there is Selene and Bery too.

These people never ask Krische for anything, only giving to Krische, they are special to her.

She always has trouble thinking of what she can do in return for them, which is why it is a relief whenever they ask something of her.

Krische sees everything in terms of calculations, thus she is most comfortable with plus-minus zero relationships.

It is unpleasant to receive too little, but receiving too much also makes her feel awkward.

Happy to be asked for a favour, Krische’s eyes narrowed slightly as her mouth relaxed into a small smile.

“Okay. Then……once we go home, Krische will not just teach Selene swordsmanship, but also cooking. So, erm……”

――Let’s cook together with Bery again.

Krische has received too much but can only pay back with trivial everyday things.

This is because that is what she values the most.

If someone is kind to you, do something which made you happy for them.

Both Grace and Bery had taught her this, so Krische loyally followed it.

This is why Krische said that, but Selene widened her eyes for a moment, then nodded happily.

“Fufu, after we go home then. A simple dish please.”

“……okay.”

They smiled and spoke softly to each other as Selene packed away the map.

A small break――a small exchange.

The soldiers watched this scene with strange feelings.

They had not been able to understand what Krische was thinking, but in that moment, she became flesh and blood, they could not tear their eyes away from her beauty and cuteness.

The heroes protecting the two beautiful Christand princesses――

The soldiers recalled that title and looked at each other, clenching their fists.

With Selene, Krische looks like any other girl her age, so it is also their duty to protect her.

Although their fear and uneasiness about her is not gone, they must protect this scene.

Drawing near the enemy command post of the mountain defensive line, the soldiers suppressed various emotions and focused their all on this thought.

Protecting Krische is part of protecting Selene’s smile, the Selene they all believe in and love.

Many stories about the two of them often spoke of this gap.

The cold and heartless Krische only acts so childish with Selene and the serious and strict Selene only allows Krische to act like this.

――The story of the two beautiful princesses began with this battle.

-End-



* * *



Edit: Changed all previous mentions of the fort’s fence to barricade.





U.E. C.22: Lovely Mass Murderer


Holy Imperial Army――Mountain command post.

The trees in the area have been cut down and replaced with countless tents

A defensive barricade has been built around the camp with simple watchtowers here and there, but the sentries on watch were yawning, their morale was not very high.

Their defensive encampment is quite formidable and they are deep inside a solid defensive line.

This place is safe as long as the defensive line holds and they have not received report of an enemy attack.

The vanguard is still staring off with the enemy’s forth corps, so the sentries could not be blamed for letting their guard down.

“Oi, Bardo, who’s that?”

“Eh?”

Bardo――a messenger attached to the command post deployed in the mountains, was having his meal when he saw the girl.

She was dressed in a pitch black cloak and her long silver hair fluttered in the wind.

In the dawn light, she looked like something out of a fairy tale, but also looked out of place.

――This is the battlefield.

And this is their camp.

It is not a place she can just happen to wander into.

Bardo tilted his head in confusion as he watched the girl who had appeared near the guards, then saw something flash in the air around her.

Blood spurted like a fountain from the necks of the two soldiers that had approached her.

The girl was already behind them――on this side.

Bardo could not understand what had happened for an instant.

Then he realised the girl held a blood-stained curved sword in her hand.

“……!”

He also realised the cloak he had thought was pitch black, was actually soaked with so much blood that it was dripping.

The bell that warned of an immediate enemy attack rang and those that had been resting burst out of their tents.

Bardo finally realised the girl was an enemy only after hearing that sound.

In just a brief span of time, a terrifying number of bloody flowers bloomed around her.

The girl danced among them――spinning in circles, slowing and speeding up, but accurately slicing the throats of the soldiers.

He could clearly see her movements at this distance, but the soldiers nearby would not be able to keep track of her.

――She is perfectly slipping through the gaps in their consciousness.

Bardo himself is quite versed in the sword and immediately understood how abnormal this is.

A single beautiful girl creating five, ten bloody flowers just did not feel real.

Although Bardo understood what was going on, he froze, unable to move.

“Oi! Let’s go, I’ll report to the vice-general! You go to his assistant!”

Bardo finally came back to his senses when his colleague slapped him.

“! Ah, yeah!”

Bardo stood up and glanced back.

In that instant, he met her eyes.

Gem-like purple eyes――even at this distance, he could see the inhuman glint in them, sending a chill down his spine.

Then he saw that purple turn to Kerg, his colleague.

Driven by a mix of fear and duty, Bardo ran.

He and Kerg ran towards different tents and in the corner of his eye, he caught sight of the girl closing in on Kerg.

Vice-general Dakrasha stepped out of his tent, dressed in his armour, but he looked confused.

Of course. They are deep inside their defensive line but they were suddenly attacked without receiving any warning.

The girl easily overtook Kerg and casually lopped off his head as she passed by, closing in――and throwing something at vice-general Dakrasha.

A knife.

But despite his confusion, Dakrasha is strong enough to become the vice-general.

He deftly used his sword to deflect the knife that came flying at him faster than an arrow――

“A, ga――!?”

But in the next instant, the silver monster beheaded him.

At the same time, Bardo heard new shouts and screams.

They were coming from the direction of the tent Bardo was running towards.

That is opposite side from where the girl had come――countless arrows rained on the soldiers stationed there.

Some managed to raise their shields in the confusion, but soldiers bearing the kingdom’s crest charged them.

Hundred, two hundred――Bardo could not tell how many.

But there were enough to deal devastating damage to this camp and among them, he saw another girl.

This girl had beautiful blonde hair and headed for the vice-general’s assistant.

He must have been resting and only grabbed his sword before stepping out. He was not wearing armour.

Even if the vice-general’s assistant is a famed warrior, he had just woken up to a surprise attack and did not have the time to put on his armour, the odds are just too bad for him.

The soldiers that tried to go to his aid were blocked by the enemy and unable to move.

This is the command post. Naturally the soldiers stationed here are all hardened veterans.

But the enemy soldiers did not look to be any inferior.

Because many of the soldiers had headed towards the silver-haired girl, there were not many here. If their skill is comparable, then the empire would lose due to the difference in numbers.

Bardo had to get the assistant out of here.

But even as he thought that, he could see that though not at the level of the silver-haired girl, the blonde girl’s swordsmanship was far beyond what her appearance suggested.

It was quick and smooth――and relentless.

Three feints for every thrust.

A normal soldier would have been cut down instantly, the only reason it is not over already is because the opponent is the vice-general’s assistant.

But the thrusts from that thin and elegant sword were sharp and gradually cornering the assistant.

A wind blew past Bardo.

――A silver wind.

“Ah……”

By the time he realised that it was the girl that had just massacred the soldiers, the assistant had been beheaded.

The assistant had died without ever noticing the silver-haired girl.

The girl crashed into the tent because of her momentum, but she stood up immediately and started killing the soldiers around her.

Countless screams rang out.

The entire camp is in chaos.

Bardo’s panic had grown so great he could not think of much, only focusing on what he should do.

The command post’s messengers――the messengers sent to pass messages through the mountains are excellent soldiers.

He quickly leapt onto a nearby horse and set off towards the main force.

“U, gu……!?”

A sharp pain ran through his left arm.

He turned and realised a knife was stabbed in his arm. The silver visible in the distance was looking this way.

How could she throw so accurately at this distance――Bardo realised the knife had been targeted at him and he urged the horse to greater speeds in his mounting terror.

Enemy soldiers had already circled in front of him.

But he did not care.

As long as he could get away from that monster.

Bardo endured the pain and drew his sword, parrying an enemy sword and decapitating another soldier as he galloped by.

Bardo’s expert swordsmanship and decision to run through the enemy worked out.

If he had tried to escape through the front, he would have ran into the enemy’s forth corps.

If he had run in any other direction, since he is clearly a messenger at a glance (Imperial messengers wear a red feather on their chest), Krische would not have let him escape.

Bardo broke through enemy lines alone and deftly navigated his horse through the trees. A few arrows hit him, but he made it to an ally force and managed to make his report before losing consciousness.

A silver-haired monster.

The vice-general and his assistant are dead, the mountain command post is destroyed.

Another messenger heard this unbelievable report immediately rode towards Aleha.



* * *



Selene’s squad attacked from the rear while Krische caused a diversion.

Krische was powerful enough to cause absolute chaos by herself, so casualties were extremely light.

They managed to take down both commanders and destroy the chain of command.

The enemy soldiers panicked and prioritised escape over resistance.

Once soldiers lose command, they easily revert back to mere humans.

Soldiers are generally educated to not think or make decisions themselves.

This is because independence would cause discipline to crumble and when it comes to controlling an army of hundreds, thousands――at times, tens of thousand, this would lead to fatal errors.

Face right, face left, raise shields, retreat.

Even such simple orders are difficult to carry out at a scale of hundreds, thousands of people.

Orders from above are like a telephone game, there is a time lag before they trickle all the way down. If soldiers acted independently between orders and started acting against the commanders’ plans, things would get out of hand.

Soldiers have to be foolishly obedient enough to suppress their fear and obey the order to advance through a rain of arrows.

――Even if they were to die.

It is only because such discipline is maintained that the system, the army can function.

Orders from above must be unconditionally obeyed.

That is an absolute condition for soldiers and it is the duty of commanders to take care of and arrange for soldiers to always be ready to react to orders when needed.

Soldiers also value their own lives.

If maintaining discipline does not protect their lives――or other lives, they would die meaninglessly.

To soldiers, losing their superiors, losing command is a terrifying situation.

Soldiers can only carry out the orders they are given and require orders to save them from a predicament.

Losing command means losing any hope of salvation and once death is all that is left, they easily abandoned their identity as soldiers.

The instant they saw the flames rise from the vice-general’s and his assistant’s tents, they realised they had lost their commanders and anybody they were meant to protect. They forgot their duties as soldiers and ran.

They had already been rationing supplies, forced to eat even bugs, their morale was horrible. When taken completely by surprise and driven into such a predicament, they lost all hope.

First soldiers at the edges, then the rest scattered in every direction.

Selene watched them go and let out a sigh of relief, then pinched Krische’s cheek.

“Uuu……”

“Seriously, I almost cut you by accident! Say something at least, idiot!”

“Kuishe, noht idiout……”

Selene released Krische and examined their surroundings.

That was just about a perfect ambush.

The enemy command chain has been completely destroyed.

It will be difficult for them to regroup in the mountains.

The forth corps would have seen the smoke and should be breaking through the Empire’s defensive line now.

“Krische, only tried to help Selene……”

“I know that……thank you.”

From the start, Selene had not been trying to compete.

She had no complaints about Krsiche stealing the glory.

She only stepped in because she had noticed a man that used mana.

Selene knows that there are many others in this world that are better than her at the sword, she would not draw her sword just for glory――Selene’s position does not allow her to act so simply.

Selene has grown to the point where she can snatch a few wins from her father, Bogan. But that does not mean she is better than Bogan, neither is Bogan the strongest swordsman in the world.

Bogan has said that if there is even a chance of losing, then avoid fighting.

That small chance might just come to pass.

They are commanders, their sword is only for self-defence.

People in such a position must not be killed.

Selene had the advantage in that fight and probably would have won.

But there was no absolute guarantee of her victory.

Selene has not forgotten her role.

Her current role is to command the troops and cause confusion among the enemy, not to wield the sword herself.

She also understands that in order to do this, she is letting Krische do the dirty work.

“……seriously.”

Selene patted Krische’s head. Wet blood stuck to her gauntlet.

――How many more has she killed?

Krische’s hair and cheek were stained with blood.

She must have hit bone, her sturdy sword was also slightly nicked.

Although Krische is superhuman in a way, she still has limits.

Krische hates getting dirty and takes good care of her equipment. These stains and nicks shows how much pressure she was under.

She had also crashed into the tent after killing Selene’s opponent and is still breathing heavily, very unusual for her.

Krische is extremely devoted and is doing her best for Selene.

Because of this, Selene feels that she has the obligation to do her part for Krische.

Selene commanded the soldiers to watch out for remaining enemies while carefully, as if she was handling a gem, wiped Krische’s cheek with a handkerchief.

“……I’ll clean you up properly later, so endure it for now.”

“……okay.”

Krische smiled happily. An innocent smile.

A smile no different from those back in the estate. She feels nothing about the lives she has just taken.

It was necessary.

That was all Krische felt.

Selene feels happy to be necessary to Krische, but also felt scared of Krische’s precarious state where everything else is worthless to Krische.

Just like Bery said, she should not be here.

Whether this purity remains clean or is dirtied depends on the people around her.

Krische is simply Krische.

Even if dirtied, Krische will be Krische.

But if possible, Selene would prefer to see a pure Krische.

“Once we are done, let’s go back to Bery. I also feel like eating cookies.”

“……Selene feels like tea-time?”

“Yeah, I’m in the mood.”

Krische smiled a little, blushing. Selene kissed her brow and gently stroked her head, wiping the blood off her hair.

That is all Selene can do.

-End-





U.E. C.23: Bloody Innocence


After taking over the enemy command post, they joined up with the forth corps without encountering any problems.

It is difficult to maintain communications in the mountains.

The enemy had lost their core, the command post, the soldiers of the Empire’s defensive line are isolated and have to face a whole coordinated corps of the Kingdom on their own.

Taking them down separately was easy, especially with Krische’s force of 500 ambushing them from the rear.

The enemy’s frontline fell apart instantly under their pincer attack. They easily joined up with the forth corps and are now having a quick discussion with the skeletal-faced forth corps commander about their next move.

Since the main body of the forth corps is large, it was decided that Selene’s squad with soldiers chosen for their mountain experience would go first and clear the way through the forest.

“Muu……”

Krische pouted as she swept her heavy cloak aside.

Her cloak is heavy with blood.

She had used it to block the blood she could not avoid.

The cloak was made of special water-resistant material, but after bathing in enough blood to stain the whole cloak red, the weight on her shoulders is significant.

Some blood had also splashed onto her favorite, comfy dress, making Krische even more annoyed.

Even though she was able to rest while the forth corps was getting ready, the fatigue from running around still remains and her joints hurt a little.

What am I doing here, Krische complained to herself, but she had volunteered for this.

If she did not, there was no guarantee that Selene would return alive and Krische would be troubled if Selene died.

Selene is kind.

To Krische, that alone makes her worth saving.

In the village there were her parents, grandfather and Gallen, in town there are Selene and Bery.

Village, town, army――Krische has met many different people in different communities and has learnt that people like Selene are very precious.

Krische knows that people generally do not like her.

Even if Krische does what she believes is proper and ‘good’, she does not get the expected response.

In fact, things often get worse, confusing Krische. But people like Selene are also confusing for Krische.

They are kind to Krische but not because Krische did anything, they just are.

Being pampered feels awkward, but is also pleasant and comforting.

‘……the feeling of wanting to do something for someone, to make them happy is love, and Krische-sama also has it.‘

The weird situation when giving and receiving are not balanced, is because of love?

But what are their motives to love Krische?

Krische could not understand.

‘――I want to be able to understand Krische-sama. If we can understand each other, then a lot of things will be even more fun and it will be blissful……for both me, and Krische-sama.‘

Grace was like that.

Bery and Selene too.

Krische has always tried to understand other people.

What is liked, what is hated.

What is good, what is bad.

Krische has done her best to study what others want.

But hardly anybody tries to understand her.

‘……eventually, I will make it so that Krische does not have to do these kind of things. Then Krische can always cook with Bery at home.‘

Selene’s words replayed in Krische’s mind.

Krische is well aware that she is immature.

Childish, glutton, Krische has learnt that what Grace said is true.

In contrast with Krische’s ideal self, Krische is a little bit of a glutton and childish――an immature human that cannot resist her desires.

This is embarrassing. Even if it is difficult to fix, it should be improved upon.

But Grace and Bery and Selene are all soft on Krische, they pamper Krische and tell her to stay the way she is.

Even thought Krische knows she should resist, Krische always gives in and ends up paralysed by the comfort.

Of course, Krische wants to just cook if possible. She also loves being patted on the head and sleeping while hugging someone.

But because she knows she is immature, she feels awkward only receiving, but――

‘No matter how much we wish to be perfect, everyone has flaws, nobody is perfect. That is why we need to understand and accept each other’s embarrassing desires and fulfill them. This is how we can build a wonderful relationship and find happiness.‘

――They are not asking for Krische to be perfect.

Yet they fulfill Krische’s embarrassing desires――wishes.

They understand Krische’s childishness, accept it and still give her more.

‘If you try to understand someone and that someone tries to understand you, then you two can make each other happy and that is happiness, Krische. Just by being together, it is happiness.‘

Krische remembered Grace’s words.

Krische stared at her own memories in a daze, then glanced to her side――at Selene who was walking with a serious look on her face.

“Selene.”

“……what?”

“Is Selene happy to be with Krische?”

“Wh, what are you asking all of a sudden……”

Krische tilted her head and looked up at Selene. Selene’s face grew red as she glared at Krische.

Was I wrong? Krische turned back and faced forward.

Selene was silent for a while, then,

“Yes, I’m happy……what kind of embarrassing things are you making me say all of a sudden. We’re on a mission.”

Selene spoke without looking at Krische, her face bright red.

Krische widened her eyes a little, then smiled.

It felt like a large discovery. Krische wished she could share this with Bery and her wish to go home grew stronger.



* * *



Once they stepped out of the forest, they were greeted by a fierce battle occurring across the river.

Arrows flew back and forth, enemy heavy infantry stood at the front, facing the river with large shields.

A little behind them――on this side, are lightly-armoured enemy archers.

“Selene, Krische will go first.”

“! Krische!”

Krische was the first to charge.

Feeling weirdly high, Krische leapt into the line of archers.

Neck, underarm, thigh, torso. She sliced through soft flesh only.

Strangely, she did not mind the blood so much right now.

She tore through the line, mass producing corpses and creating a rain of blood.

“……! Follow the adjuctant!”

Selene’s shout came late.

Five hundred battle cries shook the air as they charged. The confused enemy frontline finally realised what was happening upon hearing that sound.

At the same time, the sound of a trumpet echoed through the battlefield.

That was the signal for the long-awaited charge of the first corps.

The famously powerful Christand first corps――the first battalion which is known to be the strongest lead the charge into the river, holding up countless flags of a falcon and lightning.

Less than half an hour later, the forth corps appeared behind Selene’s special assault squad.

They had just exited the forest and were still in marching formation, but that is more threatening than a standard battle formation when the enemy is taken by surprise.

A continuous never-ending line of enemies. It must have been a nightmare for the imperial soldiers guarding the river.

Their orders are to kill the enemies and secure a beachhead.

The forth corps――the distinguished centuries of the Kingdom achieved the feat of maintaining formation while charging and formed a battle line in the middle of combat.

Their organised attack was hell for the imperial soldiers.

“――It’s the time we’ve been waiting for, charge!!”

The powerful first battalion of the first corps approached from the front with the shout of their commander, Granmeld Varkus.

This battalion of a thousand men is composed only of career soldiers and are effectively the private soldiers of Nozan Velraigh, the first corps commander. This invincible battalion is known as the ‘Wolf Pack’ for their bravery.

They had been conserved until now and their war cries shook the very ground as they sung the song of victory for their Kingdom.

They launched their javelins in unison, piercing through shields and impaling the imperial soldiers. Then they drew their weapons as one and charged into the fray.

With the archers in disarray, the Empire could not stop their most feared enemy from crossing the river.

A terrifyingly large enemy force had also appeared behind them.

Their morale collapsed in an instant and they could only run around in confusion.

Among them, some squads continued fighting, lead by exceptional centurions. But the morale of the already powerful Kingdom’s army is at an all time high and――

“Mon, st――”

――such brave resistance was not allowed.

Bathed in blood, Krische weaved through the gaps of the melee, precisely reaping the ‘revolutionaries’ that sustained the fight.

A melee where nobody could fully focus on her is the best situation for Krische.

As long as she is not surrounded and not all their attention is focused on her, there is no chance of Krische dying.

Right hand, left hand, backhand, Krische switched her sword between different grips as she danced, ending many lives.

There was no hesitation or pause in her motion.

Killing enemies on the battlefield is ‘correct’ and the more Krische kills, the less danger there is to Selene.

Krische’s sword strokes are smooth and sharp, slicing through flesh and air.

She pulled out a sword stuck in the ground and threw it with stunning accuracy into an enemy’s chest, then spun and used her reinforced boots to smash the neck of a man who was trying to cut her down from behind.

She created chaos and quickly moved on.

She grabbed an enemy spear and threw it into an enemy squad with the force of a siege ballista.

The spear pierced through multiple soldiers then shattered, the shrapnel causing the squad to crumble.

Nobody could catch up to her.

They were sheep that had lost the dog that lead them. They could only breath a sigh of relief that they were still alive and watched fearfully as the silver monster left.

Even if new massacres occurred wherever she went, they did not try to follow.

The people who would scold, encourage and rouse them are already gone.

Krische accurately identified those who were hostile to her and cut them down, a dancer drunk on blood.

The more she dances, the safer Selene is.

So Krische will keep on dancing for her.

This abnormality――Krische, coupled with the surprise flank attack and charge from the front caused the enemy mass to crumble at an accelerating rate.

――until a shout shook the Kingdom’s victorious fervour.

“――Do not fear, children of god!”

The man was dressed in crude but sturdy plate armour and a red-plumed helmet.

He brandished a large steel spear and majestic knights followed in his wake.

His old, hoarse voice was amplified with mana and could be heard clearly through the symphony of the battlefield.

“In your right hand is the sword to protect your comrades. In your left is the shield to protect your comrades. Fear not for your life, but for those of your comrades! Only then will the hand of god guide you to heaven!”

The Kingdom’s first corps had succeeded in crossing the river from the north and the forth corps had appeared from the eastern mountains.

But this force came from the southwest――the Empire’s headquarters.

Mana was surging through the body of the old man carrying a large spear and dressed in heavy plate armour.

He looked more powerful than anyone in the mountains, similar to Bogan――no, to Kokys.

Many of those following him also manipulated mana and though they are all old, they all look experienced.

――’Walter-sama’, Krische heard such voices from around her.

Krische frowned as she felt a little bit of life come back to the collapsed morale of the enemy’s frontline.

This is a powerful ‘revolutionary’.

There are only a few mounted knights. Just thirteen of them.

But the old man with the plume gathered the surrounding troops, organising them into a defensive formation with precise orders.

He needs to be killed quickly.

Krische sprinted towards him.

Krische cut down soldiers heading in the same direction, cutting her way into the enemy mass.

That was easily done since they were still reorganising.

Krische quickly closed in on the old man, but――

“Walter-sama――a……”

“……!”

――failed to take his life.

This was beyond Krische’s understanding.

The men around that old man threw their lives away to protect him and obstructed Krische.

She immediately leapt away after cutting down two knights and rolled out of their encirclement.

“……seems like you’re that monster I heard about.”

The old man’s sharp eyes narrowed.

He glanced towards the knights that died protecting him and closed his eyes for a moment, then turned back to Krische.

Meanwhile, Krische was frowning at her own failure, analysing the reason.

Everyone values their own lives.

The movements of swords and spears are optimised to protect one’s own life.

It is natural to block a strike to the heart and avoid a cut to the arm.

Anybody would instinctively act to protect their own body, any form of technique is simply a polished version of such actions――thus Krische made use of that reaction to slip through the gaps in the opponent’s awareness.

That is how she takes their lives so easily.

But the men just now did not fear for their own lives, they sacrificed themselves to protect the old man.

That caused a large error in Krische’s calculations, forcing her to back away.

This is the most dangerous type of opponent for Krische.

If they threw their lives away, they could use their numbers to pin down Krische.

What should I do?

Aiming for the gaps in their armour requires a lot of concentration.

In this situation, it will be impossible for her to aim for the gaps――of course with her strength and technique, it would be simple for her to slice through plate armour, but Krische’s weapon is a nata-like curved sword.

It will be damaged if she puts it through too much.

The situation is not so desperate yet that she has to break an expensive sword worth ten thousand pumpkins.

Krische’s job is also not done just by killing these men.

She has to keep killing with this sword for the rest of the day.

There is already thirty six soldiers around the old man and there are twelve mounted knights including him.

More than a hundred soldiers were gathering closer, but attacking now is dangerous.

Just as Krische decided it would be better to wait a little, the man called out to her.

“You seem quite young. Name yourself.”

“Er……?”

Why does Krische have to introduce herself in this situation?

Although the sudden conversation confused her, Krische always has proper manners.

Even as she calculated her next move and considered killing the surrounding soldiers first, she replied honestly.

“……I am Krische Christand.”

A clamour rose from the soldiers around the old man.

Her cloak is drenched in so much blood the original colour could not be seen――but the old man saw the crest of a falcon and lightning at her chest and smiled.

Only nobles and those under their command can wear that crest.

If the bearer of the lightning and falcon crest claims to be a Christand, then it must be a member of the family.

The general’s daughter――a young girl is wielding a sword on the frontlines without bodyguards. The old man was surprised but smiled in admiration.

“Kuku…… I see. I am Walter Del Grizlandy, aide to general Aleha Klauzera Shuindel Sarshenka of the Holy Elsren Empire, First, let me praise you for your courage and bravery to come for my head alone.”

“Err, okay……”

First he asked her to introduce herself, then he greeted her politely and praised her, making Krische even more confused.

Krische is about to kill this old man――Walter.

It is a mystery to her why that old man is smiling.

“I’ve heard of you……constructing that wicked fort and conducting this brilliant move through the mountains to deal a fatal blow. To think all that was done by a girl like you. Kuku, you never know what will happen on the battlefield……”

Spies had infiltrated both armies.

The Kingdom and Empire share the same western language and consist of similar races

The Empire had obtained information of who had built the fort.

Krische Christand――but he had not expected her to be such a young girl.

He was surprised but Walter knows what geniuses are capable of.

“However, I cannot let you do as you please any longer……daughter of Christand. If you value you life, leave this place. This is our final stand, I will not hand you my head so easily.”

“Nnn……that would be troubling. Krische’s current job is to kill people like Grizlandy-san.”

No part of her body was clean of blood.

Her silver hair and white cheek were stained with blood. Blood dripped from her cloak.

――How many people did she have to kill to end up like that?

And after bathing in all that blood, Krische showed no fear in this situation, only smiling adorably like a little girl.

The men making their last stand could not tear their eyes away from her, forcefully reminded of the fear that they had been trying to forget in their fervour.

This girl in front of them is undoubtedly a monster.

“……I see. Then……sorry, but I will have to take your life.”

“……nnn? Er, Krische said, Krische is the one killing……preparations are complete.”

The instant she declared that, a squad charged forward from Krische’s left.

“Krische!”

It is Selene.

Slightly less than a hundred troops followed her.

Selene had been keeping track of Krische, but did not forget her own role.

She had given orders to the troops in the melee before grabbing any soldier with strength to spare and followed Krische.

There was a delay, but she managed to bring along almost a hundred powerful soldiers with plenty of stamina.

This is enough to defeat Walter’s squad which is still reorganising.

Walter may be mounted, but he had come to spur on the soldiers and retreat was not an option.

If he did that, the reviving morale will collapse completely this time.

Selene’s soldiers are on foot since they had come through the mountains but they were able to engage due to this situation.

The temporary stalemate was broken by Selene’s reinforcement and Krische could act again.

――It became a melee.

The strength of cavalry is in their mobility.

The mounted troops could not use their strength in this melee and instead their weakness, their lack of maneuverability was exploited.

Of course there are methods to cover for that, but Selene’s force is also skilled.



Outnumbered.

The powerful nobles, the knights fought valiantly, taking down ten, twenty soldiers with their spears and swords.

But against Krische, dancing around like the wind, and the skilled soldiers under Selene’s command, one fell after another――and finally, only Walter was left.

The old man performed beyond his age, he was like a whirlwind on the battlefield.

He easily wielded his large steel spear from atop his horse, more than evenly matched against the multiple soldiers that faced him, spearing them through their armour――embodying what it means to be a warrior.

Selene saw how he fought and understood that he is far stronger than her, but still stepped forward.

She is not aiming for his life.

She is not looking for glory nor does she want to be a hero.

She stepped forward just to fulfill her role.

There is a difference between Selene and this man, Selene is not alone.

Selene has the strongest sword, Krische on her side.

Selene and Walter exchanged blows.

The impact knocked her back, but created a fatal gap in Walter’s guard.

――of course, Krische would not miss this chance.

She appeared from the side and sliced off Walter’s left arm, knocking him off his horse.

Then she stomped on his right arm as he landed, making him grunt in pain.

“Nnn……”

Krische put her sword to his neck, but paused, not sure of what to do.

He has lost any ability to resist. According to the Sacred Convention, the proper thing to do here is to take him prisoner.

The enemies in the area have been cleaned up and Walter can no longer fight, he is also a high-ranking officer and appears to be a noble.

Krische put a hand to her jaw and tilted her head, mentally running through the details of how the prisoner exchange system worked.

The rules for taking prisoners is vague, even if the enemy surrenders or loses any ability to resist in the middle of battle, there is no need to take them prisoner, it is perfectly fine to kill them.

The existing rules simply prevent massacres and personal executions after the battle.

But it is written in the Scared Conventions that in situations like this, ‘situations where the opposing organisation has lost any ability to resist’, basically when they lose the ability to fight or surrendered, they should be taken as prisoners.

Going by that interpretation, Krische should avoid killing this old man.

Krische would prefer to just kill him since it is less troublesome, but the combat around has settled down――which means everyone is watching Krische.

Krische would kill him if no one is watching, but she follows the rules when there are people around.

Krische was wondering if he would die from blood loss if she just left him there when Selene called out to her.

“……Krische, he’s not a mere soldier. I want to take him prisoner if possible.”

“Muu……okay.”

Pouting a little, Krische cut off some cloth from a nearby corpse and bound it around Walter’s left arm.

Krische has enough medical knowledge to know how to make a simple tourniquet.

“Gu……kill, me……”

“According to the Sacred Convention, since Grizlandy-san has lost the ability to fight, your war with the Kingdom is over. After being taken prisoner and sent to the rear, you will be returned once negotiations about prisoner exchange are complete. You were lucky.”

Krische declared that matter-of-factly, smiling.

Walter stared at Krische for a while, stunned, then lowered his eyes.

“……I was supposed to buy time for the young master but……I could not do much, and ended up like this. You are telling me to live with this shame?”

“Even if you ask Krische that……those are the rules. That young master……can’t you just apologise to him afterwards?”

Walter eyes widened in surprise and looked down at his own body.

Then with a small laugh of self-ridicule, he spoke.

“I’ll remember your name……Krische Christand.”

“……? Okay.”

Walter stared at the girl’s beautiful, but blood-stained figure.

She was stained with so much blood that a puddle was forming at her feet.

“……what are you fighting for? For your family? For fame?”

Krische put a finger to her lip and thought about the sudden question for a while.

“……hmm. Krische wants to quickly go home to cook and enjoy teatime with Bery and Selene, so Krische is fighting for that?”

“……teatime?”

Walter frowned at that word, but Krische just nodded.

Then she glanced at Selene and smiled.

“Yes, we’ll drink tea and eat cookies. It is very fun……Krische has made that promise with both Bery and Selene.”

Krische said that happily.

Anyone that saw her smile could see her happiness.

Seeing her bloodstained, but blissful expression, Walter was at a loss for words. He could only nod.

-End-





U.E. C.24: The Girl’s Birdcage


It was a decisive victory.

The left wing of the Christand army succeeded in crossing the river and establishing a beachhead, forcing the Sarshenka army to retreat. The Sarshenka army then decided to fully withdraw since they had completely lost the initiative.

But the Christand army pursued them all the way.

Sarshenka’s retreat was executed excellently, but Christand’s pursuit was relentless.

The retreating Sarshenka army was not given any time to rest, losing much of its forces and leaving the Empire’s supply lines exposed.

Just as the Empire’s supply lines came under attack, general Garhka also attacked from the south.

This gave the Kingdom’s central army time to temporarily recover from the infighting and execute a large-scale counterattack.

The Empire’s supply lines were under attack by Christand.

Wulfenite was already isolated and had lost its strategic advantage as a defensive location. It was put under siege and the imperial forces were starved out.

That was the end of the battle that became known in the Empire as the ‘Disaster of Arzlen”.

“Come on, stay still. There’s no need to rush, the estate is right there.”

“Uuu……”

It has been about a month and a half since Krische departed for the frontlines.

After pursuing the Sarshenka army, Krische had come down with a fever, so Bogan had arranged for her to return home with Selene.

Selene caught Krische by the back of her collar and sighed.

Selene helplessly told the coachman to head straight for the estate.

Yet another selfish whim of a noble, but the coachman showed no reluctance.

Rumours of Christand’s great battle have spread far and wait along with the contributions of the two beautiful princesses.

The coachman was proud to be escorting the two small, beautiful heroes and turned the horse towards their estate.

They passed by the many stores and houses, arriving at the upper class residential area.

“Just suck on this for now.”

“! Amu……”

Selene sighed and let go of Krische’s restless hand, snatching Krische’s precious pouch from around her neck.

She pinched out the last piece inside and threw it into Krische’s mouth.

――Candy.

The sweetness spread through Krische’s mouth and she smiled――then remembered the important promise.

And the last candy in that pouch is mine. Please bring it back for me.

Krische’s expression tensed and she stiffened as she realised what the taste of bliss in her mouth meant.

Soon the carriage arrived at the estate and Krische caught sight of someone in a white and black apron dress tending to the orchard――Bery, her red hair fluttering in the wind. Krische averted her eyes awkwardly.

Selene thanked the coachman as she descended from the carriage, then turned to the frozen Krische with a puzzled look.

“What’re you doing, let’s go.”

“Ah, but……”

Krische’s brilliant mind worked to find a way out of thiis situation.

――spit it out, wipe it clean and put it back in the pouch.

But Krische’s aesthetics would not allow that. Bery will be eating this.

――how about buying a new one.

Bery will notice it is a different one immediately and be disappointed in Krische for lying.

But then, what to do――

“Come on already……”

“Ah……”

As Selene dragged Krische off the carriage, Bery caught sight of them and dropped the basket of fruits she was carrying.

She smiled then lowered her face, wiping at her eyes before running over.

“Krische-sama, ojou-sama too……”

“……why is it Krische first.”

Selene sounded dissatisfied but had a smile on her face.

Krische was still frozen.

Bery looked puzzled at her lack of response.

Could she be injured? Bery drew closer, concerned――

“Heh? Nnn……!?”

――and Krische’s soft lips were suddenly pressed against her’s.

This time, Bery was the one that froze――as did the coachman who was about to move off.

It lasted only an instant, but felt like an eternity.

The candy passed between Krische’s lips into Bery’s mouth and only then did the two pull apart.

“Err……Krische, su, sucked on, er……the, the last one……”

Krische honestly confessed to breaking the promise and sucking on the last piece of candy.

Rules, promises, regulations.

To Krische, these must not be broken in front of other people.

But she had broken it in front of Bery of all people. Krische trembled.

Krische had planned to show Bery that ‘Krische had kept her promise’ and be rewarded for that. But Krische’s plan had gone very wrong.

Krische was worried that she had disappointed Bery by breaking the promise.

“Eh, ah, er……eh, err……? Aaah……!”

Bery’s face turned bright red as she tasted the sweet candy in her mouth.

She realised the reason after some thought, but still could not recover from the shock and was at a loss.

Krische thought Bery was ‘disappointed’ in her for breaking the promise and tears welled in her eyes, making Bery panic and embrace her.

“It, it’s okay! I do not mind, I was just a little surprised……!”

“Wha, what about that was okay!? Kissing all of a sudden once we’re back, Bery, what have you been teaching Krische!? You said you don’t mind, does that mean you’ve been doing these kind of things while I was awa――”

“No, no ojou-sama! Th, there is a very profound, no, not very profound, but there is a reason for this……”

“What reason!?”

Selene snapped back, her face bright red and Bery responded tearfully as she hugged Krische.

They are back to their normal life in the estate.

Krische relaxed into Bery’s warmth as she listened to their argument.

――and the girl smiled happily

-End-





U.E. C.25: Magic and Kisses


It has been approximately two months since they returned home.

Although Bogan has not returned yet, life in the estate is back to normal.

Krische and Bery cleaned the estate, tended to the garden, cooked and prepared the bath.

The only difference is that Krische has grown even more attached to Bery.

Krische has become more honest and reliant on Bery.

Today, Krische and Bery are spending their time in the kitchen again.

“Ah……it broke.”

“……?”

“The teapot’s magic crystal is not working.”

Bery had been about to brew tea after baking cookies. She removed the magic crystal installed in the base of the teapot and squinted at it.

Magic crystals are engraved with magic circuits――by injecting mana into them, various effects can be achieved depending on the circuit engraved.

This magic crystal had been engraved with the circuit for ‘heat’ but residue mana has built up in the circuit after repeated use, deforming the circuit and rendering it useless.

Once this happens, the circuit has be recarved, Bery sighed.

The usual method of repairing magic crystals is to go to ‘magic technicians’, who make a living carving magic circuits into magic crystals. But Bery has the knowledge and technique required to repair relatively simple magic crystals by herself.

I will fix it when I’m free, Bery thought as she poured the water from the teapot into a pot when Krische suddenly muttered.

“Magic crystals are easy to use but since they break, they are a little inconvenient.”

“Well, all tools are like that. I will fix it later.”

“Then let Krische……ah, oh yeah, Krische thought of an idea recently.”

Krische extended a finger towards the pot.

Bery tilted her head in question――then was stunned by Krische’s ‘idea’.

Bery saw pale blue mana gathering around Krische’s finger.

The mana extended from her finger towards the pot and enveloping it, then the mana itself formed a magic circuit, bringing the water to a boil in a short span of time――Krische had turned lukewarm water into boiling water.

“Krische had always found it a little weird that everyone uses magic crystals. Why not just create a circuit in the ‘floofy thing’?”

Krische spoke as she made the water boil just by pointing at it, failing to notice Bery’s reaction.

Magic crystals are formed when mana crystallises underground.

These crystals are used as a medium for magic because of their stability, ease of processing and ability to absorb mana.

Heat, cool, start a fire, create water, provide light.

Just about all magic uses magic crystals as a medium and that is the ‘norm’ in this world.

Excluding magic that acts on the caster’s own body, magic cannot be used without magic crystals.

That is the consensus among magicians.

‘Magic technicians’ carve circuits in magic crystals while ‘magicians’ develop and refine those circuits. In this world, magicians are magic crystal researchers and technicians.

The ‘magician’s rod’ that many magicians wield are equipped with magic crystals and that is how some magicians shoot light bullets or manipulate fire.

But that magic is merely a means of self-defense and requires magic crystals.

Multiple magic crystals are required to use different magics and they can be difficult to carry since complicated circuits would require larger magic crystals.

This is the reason why there are hardly any ‘fairytale magicians’ on the battlefield. Excluding physical enchancement, almost all magic is used for peaceful purposes.

“Not just that, by doing this……”

Krische waved her right index finger and created flames in the air while spinning her left index finger and making a stream of water from the pot dance like a snake.

“By reproducing the circuits carved in the magic crystals with our own ‘floof’, magic crystals are not needed. This makes cooking more convenient.”

“Cooking……”

“Yes. There were a lot of inconveniences on the battlefield, so this can be used when cooking outdoors……ah, it can also be used for cleaning and laundry.”

Bery could only stare at this new theory of magic before her very eyes.

Even for Bery, who has studied magic more than the average person, this is completely unknown.

Many magicians are searching for ways to use magic without magic crystals, but none of them have achieved anything practical.

At most, there is a method using pure silver in place of magic crystals, but Bery had never heard of anyone using magic completely empty-handed like Krische.

Bery could understand the theory and with enough effort and practice, she could probably achieve the same thing.

Instead of creating a set mold and injecting mana into it, build the circuit in your own mana.

It is a difficult technique on the level of drawing a picture on the surface of water, but with the correct method it is possible.

Krische’s discovery is revolutionary――one day, it might become the standard way to use magic throughout the world.

Bery was surprised at first, seeing the pipe dream described in many grimoires――the completed version of it, right before her eyes, then felt fear silently creep up on her.

The objectives of that pipe dream is far from peaceful.

If magicians were able to freely use magic anywhere and everywhere――on the battlefield for example, magicians would become a force to be reckoned with.

Many grimoires describe how magicians could change the fundamental concepts of war if they were able to easily and flexibly manipulate the elements wherever they were.

This could hail the beginning of an age where magicians are more than mere researchers.

The majority of magicians are nobles and are treated better than commoners, but they are still close to the bottom of the ladder.

Many magicians are second or third sons who had no other career choices.

Those that play an active role on the battlefield receive the greatest honours in high society, so magicians are not treated well and some even looked down on them.

This treatment and oppression led to such fantasies.

Krische’s idea will have too large of an impact on them.

Based on Krische’s words, Bery is the first Krische has shown this to.

Bery was relieved by that for now.

“Bery?”

“……it is nothing. I was just, a little too surprised. This might be very convenient indeed.”

Bery gently patted Krische’s head, sealing her surprise and fear deep in her heart.

Krische smiled as she always did when patted on the head.

Krische herself did not see this as a big deal.

She had simply demonstrated something she had thought of to cheer Bery up because Bery had sighed.

It it not very difficult for Krische and she also believes Bery can do it since Bery is good at manipulating mana.

Krische is simply grateful for Bery’s goodwill and feels she could never completely repay Bery.

Krische has no hesitation about sharing such techniques to cheer Bery up.

Krische puts a lot more weight on the cooking that she learns from Bery. Compared to that, this is nothing.

Bery understood Krische’s simple desire to cheer her up.

That is why Bery was not sure what to say.

Krische’s idea is meant for the cooking that she loves.

Although Krische might be abnormal, the purpose of this idea is peaceful, she has grown to be a kind girl at heart.

That is why Bery did not want Krische’s idea to create unnecessary tragedies.

“……what does Krische-sama think about war?”

“Think……?”

“Does Krische-sama like it? Hate it?”

“Then, hate.”

Krische tilted her head in confusion about the question’s intent, but still answered instantly.

Bery nodded in agreement.

“I hate it too. The principle of war is simple. Let us say there is an apple and Krische-sama wants to eat it, then one more person, someone else had the same thought. If both of you want to take the apple for yourselves, Krische-sama will end up fighting with that person.”

Bery took out an apple from a basket, placing it on a cutting board.

Krische watched her with serious eyes.

“Even if Krische-sama restrained yourself and thought to share, if the other person still says he wants to eat the whole apple, you will still end up fighting……does Krische-sama understand?”

“Er……yes.”

“The apple is an example. It could be territory, people or technology. It could even be the idea that Krische-sama has just showed me.”

“Krische’s idea……?”

Bery nodded as Krische created a small flame at the tip of her finger and showed it to Bery.

“Krische-sama’s idea is something nobody else has thought of, it is an amazing discovery. Just as Krische-sama said, it can be used for many things, but if it is turned on people, it could easily be used for war.”

“Ah, that is, right……Krische somewhat understand what Bery wants to say. People who want to know Krische’s idea would try to steal it from Krische right?”

“Yes.”

Krische nodded then replied.

“Then how about just telling everyone? It does not get reduced like the apple, so everyone can share.”

Krische knows that Bery is a kind person.

So she can roughly predict the answers that Bery wants.

It will be troublesome, but Krische is willing to do it if it is Bery’s wish.

“That is a wonderful thought. But even if Krische-sama tries to teach many people, there is a limit. There is no way to teach everyone in the world and even if Krische-sama told the people Krische-sama has taught to spread it, it will definitely stop somewhere.”

“Why?”

“Let us say there is an empty-handed opponent in front of Krische-sama. Krische-sama must fight with that person. Although that person has not noticed, there is a sword at his feet. Will Krische-sama tell him that?”

“I see.”

Krische nodded in understanding.

“Technology that can be used for war is similar, even other technology that are just convenient are also like that. It is better to monopolise it and keep it from your enemies. That is the normal way of thinking. And……back to the apple example.”

“Apple……?”

“Yes. When there is a battle, the strong always wins. But if the weak that always had the apple stolen from them suddenly obtained the power to defeat the strong, they would want to get revenge. Krische-sama’s idea has the power to turn the weak into the strong, so it would not be good to spread it.”

As Krische listened to Bery talk so seriously, she gradually grew more anxious.

Bery did not look happy at all.

“Er……then, Krische’s idea, is bad……?”

“……no. It is definitely not Krische-sama’s fault nor am I saying that the idea is bad. But……I am a little scared that it will lead to unnecessary conflict.”

Bery embraced Krische and gently patted her head.

“Krische-sama wants to make daily life more convenient. But there are people that think differently and will use technology for bad things. People that like fighting will not use this technique for cooking or laundry, they will use it for war. That is a very sad thing, so I do not want to see it happen. Krische-sama hates war and I do not want Krische-sama’s idea to lead to it. So I want Krische-sama to keep it a secret between us.”

“Secret?”

“Yes. I believe that Krische-sama’s idea is a wonderful thing. I would like to try using it to do various things. But if what I said comes to pass, I would be very said, so I want to keep it as a secret between the both of us only.”

“Okay. Er, then Selene too……?”

“Ojou-sama……as well. Of course the secret is not absolute, just as much as possible but……”

Krische nodded.

“Krische will not do anything that makes Bery sad.”

“……thank you. Thank you for listening to my selfish request.”

“Krische is always making selfish requests of Bery……”

After saying that, Krische nervously asked another question.

“……Bery, do you hate Krische now?”

“Fufu, that will not happen. I love Krische-sama.”

“Er……Krische wants Bery to tell Krische if Bery does not like something or is angry.”

“It is okay. Why would I dislike it or get angry when the Krische-sama I love is trying to make me happy? ……like I said, personally I am very happy that Krische-sama taught me this, it is very interesting and exciting.”

Krische sighed in relief and smiled happily, then tip-toed a little to press her lips to Bery’s.

Bery stiffened for an instant, but Krische did not notice, her expression was full of bliss.

“Krische also loves Bery……ehehe, it is mutual.”

“Y……yeah.”

Bery’s face was bright red and troubled after the kiss, her eyes wandering around awkwardly.

It is her fault, but she is still not used to it.

――the mouth-to-mouth candy from Krische when she came home.

That was the beginning of it all.

Krische had seen her parents kiss a lot, Bery and Selene also kiss her cheek and forehead occasionally, so Krische saw kissing as something normal between people who are close.

That is why she had no qualms about that mouth-to-mouth transfer. Bery felt that this was dangerous and taught Krische about kisses.

But since Bery focused on making it comprehensible for Krische, it became a long-winded and roundabout explanation, taking a long time to explain to Krische that kissing is an expression of love done between two people who love each other.

Part of the cause is also that Bery herself was slightly embarrassed by the explanation――no, that was the problem, Bery realised

Bery reminded herself that she had left out the obvious part that kissing is normally done between those of opposite sex and also made the mistake of implying that Krische’s kiss was a bad thing.

Krische saw her relationship with Bery as two people with strong goodwill for each other, meaning they love each other.

So when Bery implied that Krische’s kiss was a bad thing, Kirsche had asked if Bery did not like Krische.

Bery had desperately denied it and was looking for a better explanation when Krische anxiously asked why Bery explained it like that, whether Bery did not like kissing Krische. Bery was not able to hold out.

Bery had hastily replied, ‘O, ojou-sama and the coachman were there, so, so, it was not that I did not like it……er, er, it is just not good to do it in such a place.’

Krische had asked repeatedly, ‘Really? Bery does not hate kissing Krische?’ and when Bery nodded, Krische kissed Bery again in relief.

――And that was the beginning.

After that Krische became a kissing fiend and kissed whenever she felt uneasy or happy.

Krische had not properly understood the explanation that kissing is an expression of love, seeing it as an appealing method for displaying goodwill.

Krische had learnt from Bery and Grace that loving each other is a good thing.

So Krische naturally thought expressing love is also a good thing, whenever she has the chance, she puts this ‘good thing’ into practice with Bery and Selene.

Both Bery and Selene were unable to deny her pure innocence to her face and it dragged out to this point without them being able to correct her.

It was all they could do to make her promise to only do it with the two of them and not when there are other people around. Bery also has to listen to Selene’s complaints about this everyday.

Krische looked up at Bery expectantly.

Bery’s face was bright red as she embraced Krische even tighter and patted her head, regretting that unrecoverable mistake.

Even as Bery repeated to herself that there is no strange meaning behind it, seeing Krische smile so happily when she is kissed also makes Bery happy.

Bery tried to convince herself that the fact that Krische is able to express her emotions like others is something to celebrate, definitely not a bad thing, but Bery’s conscience tormented her.

“We, we ended up talking a while. Back to what we were doing……let’s return to your room after brewing tea.”

“Okay.”

Bery shook her head clear of those thoughts, averting her eyes from the problem.

Bery is too sweet on Krische and the problem is growing worse day by day, but she is already in a state of resignation.

-End-



* * *



You thought that yuri was a one-off?





U.E. C.26: Ceremony


Krische was in her room, reading a storybook lying open in her lap.

Krische’s latest favorite pastime is relaxing on the soft sofa with Bery and drinking tea while Bery reads children books to her with occasional explanations.

Bery recommended children books because they have simple depictions of love and happiness, concepts that Krische has trouble understanding. But these interested Krische more than Bery had expected, mainly because Krische could stick close to Bery during the story.

Krische is already partly dependent on Bery by this point, clinging to her all the time.

Reading together is time when they are naturally closer together and Bery pats Krische’s head as she teaches Krische various things, all good things for Krische.

Although Krische focuses more on being pampered by Bery than the contents of the story, this study method is not that bad.

Krische is gradually learning to understand normal feelings from the books.

“……and with this, the knight and princess lived together happily ever after. “

“Together……does that mean they got married?”

“Err, yes. That should be the correct interpretation.”

“Getting married is happiness? It is written like that in a lot of books.”

“……that is difficult to say. But if they love each other, then getting married is a happy thing.”

Love each other, Bery responded to her own words and hastily continued.

“Er, er, Krische-sama, you know that marriage is only between a man and woman right……?”

“Yes, er, Krische knows that too……? Kaa-sama taught Krische that before.”

Krische seemed confused why Bery would point that out, but Bery breathed a sigh of relief.

Bery would not be able to bear it if Krische said, ‘Then Krische wants to marry Bery.’

To Bery, Krische is cute and pure, a simply adorable existence.

Bery would definitely feel the urge to hug her tight and impulsively say ‘me too’ even though she knows that would make things worse.

Ahem, Bery cleared her throat and recovered to her serious teaching expression.

“……marriage itself is a contract to become husband and wife. It is just a contract to become family and have children. But it is also a vow to raise children together, to spend your lives together, so marriage would be happiness for people who love each other. My sister’s marriage with master was like that and they were very happy.”

“Krische’s kaa-sama and tou-sama also seemed very happy.”

Krische recalled Grace and Gorka. Bery smiled in response.

“That is nice……marriage for nobles are usually to form connections between houses, so I cannot say that marriage itself leads to happiness. But it is also true that it can lead to happiness. Even if the husband and wife did not love each other at first, there are cases where their relationship developed after their marriage and they found happiness.”

After some thought, Krische asked.

“Will Bery get married one day?”

“I……no. My body is weak and I cannot bear children. Childbirth is very difficult. My house is also ruined, so there will not be that type of proposals either.”

“Bery’s body is weak?”

“Yes, well……as Kriscche-sama can see, I am healthy now, but when I was a child I could not go outside, I could only stay indoors and read. So I was a little weird.”

Bery laughed softly.

“‘I cannot tell what ojou-sama is thinking’, I was often told this. The same at Krische-sama.”

“Bery too?”

“Yes, I was a little different from others. So although I cannot completely understand how Krische-sama feels……I believe I can understand it a little.”

Bery stroked Krische’s soft hair as she spoke.

“Even when I tried to be considerate, I got things completely wrong. That happened a lot. Maybe it is because of that, whenever I see Krische-sama confused by such things, it feels like watching my past self.”

“……empathy?”

“Yes, fufu, indeed, empathy.”

Bery smiled happily and stroked Krische’s cheek.

“……I try to act positive and likable. But I am actually not very good at talking to others. I am the only servant in this large estate because my nee-sama and master knew about this.”

Bery shut the book and took a sip of tea.

“I am not as good at talking to others as Krische-sama thinks I am, I am only good at acting. I still have the same weakness as Krische-sama, I just live by hiding it. So with this included, marriage would be difficult……also, I am already very happy to live here, in this estate with Krische-sama, ojou-sama and master.”

“I see.”

Krische also took a sip of tea.

Krische roughly understands how marriage works and she was happy about this.

If Bery got married, she would leave this house and Krische would not be able to follow her.

So if she is not going to get married, that is great for Krische.

Krische adjusted her position in Bery’s lap and wrapped her arms around Bery’s neck.

“……then, Bery will always be with Krische.”

And lightly kissed her.

“!……y, yeah. Always.”

Bery looked troubled, her face burning as she embraced Krische.

Krische smiled and closed her eyes.

Krische has grown a bit too beautiful for such actions to be childish.

It might have been okay if she was still a child, but Krische is already becoming a beautiful woman.

When she and Bery, who also has very feminine curves and young, pretty looks, hug each other, it looks indecent.

――at some point, the door had open and Selene was peeking in, sighing at the indecent pair.

“O, ojou-sama……when did you”

“……Bery, no, nevermind, I don’t care anymore. Please, try not to lead Krische down any weird paths.”

“I, I will not.”

Krische had been about to doze off in Bery’s arms, but raised her head at Selene’s voice, tilting it in confusion at Selene’s look of resignation and Bery’s slight panic.

“Selene, did something happen?”

“A letter from otou-sama. Seems like the two of us are summoned to the palace for our distinguished service in the war. You’ve heard that the war ended just the other day right?”

“Yes……Krische too?”

Krische turned to stare at Bery.

They had just come back. Krische is still getting her fill of being pampered by Bery and cooking everyday, if possible, she did not want to go.

Bery guessed Krische’s thoughts and looked at Selene hesitatingly while patting Krische’s head.

“Like I said before, Krische played a large part. Such service cannot just be ignored……so both of us will be receiving the rank of senior knight, medals and a reward.”

“……senior knight all of a sudden? That is……”

Knights are a rank of nobility in the Kingdom, but it cannot be inherited nor are they granted any land.

It is more of an honorary title.

But this rank is only granted for achievements on the battlefield, it is not something even greater nobles can obtain through their birth alone.

The title of knight is split into senior and junior knight. Those granted this rank usually start from junior knight and after earning enough achievements, are promoted to senior knight. But in cases like this, where their achievements are exceptional, they can skip straight to senior knight.

“I was also a little surprised that we will be senior knights……well, with the situation being what it was, it is effectively thanks to otou-sama that the country is saved. That should be the reason behind their generosity.”

“I see……it is surprising. But……then Krische really has no choice but to go……”

“Uuu……”

Bery had heard from Selene about what had happened on the battlefield.

Krische’s explanation was simply, ‘Krische helped build a fort and fought a little.’.

But Krische was the one that suggested the plan to steal back the initiative and break the northern stalemate created by the enemy. She had also built a fort that served as a solid defensive position of the river and racked up many kills herself.

Even just hearing this short summary of Krische’s exploits, it is no wonder she is receiving decorations.

Bery is also happy for her, but Bery could not fully celebrate it.

Being granted a title for your achievements is an indication of expectations of further contributions.

Expectations of contributions on the battlefield.

Selene let out a small sigh as Bery lowered her eyes.

“I know how you feel, but we can’t decline, so just accept it.”

“……yes. I am aware, but”

“Well, once that is over, we just need to show up a little at a dinner party. How about coming along if you are so worried?”

“Bery too?”

Krische’s eyes lit up.

Selene put a hand to her head, then turned to Bery.

Seeing how attached Krische has been to Bery lately has made Selene experience heartburn and want to puke sugar.

Bery smiled wryly at Krische, then nodded after some thought.

“……okay. There should not be any problems if I come along as an attendant.”

“I think it should be fine for you to wear a dress though. Even if your house is ruined, your rank has not been revoked.”

“Yes. But……I do not have good memories from that.”

Bery’s tone was self-mocking.

“……that was none of my business. Sorry.”

“It is okay. Thank you for the concern.”

Krische was listening to that exchange with a question mark floating above her head, so Selene explained to her.

“Bery’s Argan family technically still exists. So even though she is working as our servant, Bery is also a noble like us. She’s also so pretty. If Bery felt like it, she could put on some make up, wear a dress and proposals will come flooding in.”

“That is an exaggeration. Ojou-sama, calling me pretty in front of Krische-sama is embarassing.”

Bery embraced Krische and said.

“But like I told Krische-sama earlier, my happiness right now is living here. I do not particularly want to revive my house or find a partner……I am happy like this.”

“……fine.”

Selene sounded a little disappointed but turned to Krische.

Krische was hugging Bery and enjoying her warmth, Selene pinched her cheek.

“Fuerene?”

“Most of all, the problem is you, Krische. Since you have to participate, you will have to study etiquette.”

“Fufu, no need to worry, Krische-sama is quick to learn so she will pick it up in no time. I will also be staying by her side.”

“……well, that’s true. Just need to make sure this girl does not get caught up in anything weird.”

“Fuerene, ihyai……”

Selene giggled as she stretched Krische’s cheek once more before releasing it.

Krische pouted, sulking as she rubbed her cheek, then turned to bury her face in Bery’s bust.

Bery smiled wryly as she combed her fingers through Krische’s hair.

“Ojou-sama really likes teasing Krische.”

“……Selene bullies Krische.”

“Krische-sama is too cute, so ojou-sama cannot help but tease you. Lately Krische-sama has been with me all the time too, ojou-sama also wants some attention.”

“……I see.”

“……hey, stop teaching Krische stupid things. She is already a little bit of an idiot.”

Krische pulled Selene into the hug and smiled.

“Krische can also pamper Selene.”

“……I am not at an age for that.”

Selene looked disgruntled, but her cheeks were flushed.

Though she complained that her clothes would get wrinkled, she did not resist.

“……Krische will make what Selene wants to eat for dinner today. How about beef stew and hamburger steak? Ah, apple pie would be good too.”

“Now that you mention it, we have not made apple pie in a while. Let’s have that today.”

“Seriously……”

“……Krische will make a delicious one.”

Krische pecked Selene on the lips, making Selene’s face turn bright red as she glared at Bery.

Bery scratched her cheek awkwardly as she averted her eyes.

Although there were slight problems in their life in the estate, it was a comfortable life.

-End-





U.E. C.27: Dress Dilemma


“……cute.”

Half a month later.

Krische is dressed in pale blue and Bery is staring at her with a dazed look on her face.

10 days until they depart for the capital.

They face a problem with the victory ceremony coming up next month, Krische’s dress.

Unlike Selene, Krische had no plans of showing her face in high society, so she still does not own a single dress.

The Christand family is wealthy but Bogan does not spend unnecessarily.

He decided to put it off until Krische’s growth stopped.

Of course he did order a few casual one-piece dresses for her which can be used for greeting guests, but such simple clothes are not suitable for a dinner party at the palace.

So they sent for the tailor and ordered a dress for Krische urgently.

Like Bogan, Krische also dislikes unnecessary expenditure (cooking-related things are excluded) and had proposed altering Selene’s dress from last year since it fits her, but Selene and Bery opposed this.

Many nobles pay attention to minute details.

The younger sister wearing a hand-me-down from the older sister would not be good for their reputation.

Especially since Christand is a margrave of the Kingdom――an upper-class noble.

Krische’s growth seems to have stopped, so Bery and Selene decided to take this chance to make two, three dresses for her, asking the impossible of their usual tailor.

The tailor readily agreed.

The tailor had visited them multiple times and was infatuated with Krische, he makes repeated offers to make a dress for Krische every time he has the chance.

Large amethyst eyes, clear skin, long and fine silver hair.

Krische’s fairy-like appearance seems to have been great inspiration for the tailor. When he received the commission and came to take measurements, he brought along countless rough sketches of the many ideas he had already thought of for Krische.

It took half a day to choose three from those.

Bery had explained that they only needed one by the deadline, but the tailor must have been really motivated.

The tailor finished the three dresses with ten days to spare and has come to the estate today to present them.

The first is a simple white dress bordered with black and has a red rose at the chest.

The second is black emphasised with red, creating a calm but vibrant look.

The third is pale blue, a dress that gives the image of purity.

Despite the bold off-shoulder design and large slit in the back, the pale blue colour made it look chaste. Coupled with the opera gloves that reach past her elbows, it made her look sophisticated.

Compared to how many of the current dresses expose the chest and emphasise the breasts to create a sexy look, this dress is chaste to the point of looking plain.

This dress definitely would not suit most, but the pure look fit Krische’s fairy-like charm extremely well.

“……do I look good?”

“Yes, very good! You are very pretty, Krische-sama!”

“It really fits you.”

“I see.”

Krische smiled as she felt the dress’ fabric.

As long as you take care of your clothes and wear them neatly, anything can look relatively good.

Krische had grown up in a village without many things and that was what Grace had taught her, so Krische had never felt like spending money on clothes.

But she does enjoy wearing pretty and comfortable clothes, being praised for looking good also makes her happy.

Bery, Selene and the tailor all seemed delighted and praised Krische, so Krische did not feel any dissatisfaction with becoming a dress-up doll.

“I had always thought that this colour would be perfect for Krische-sama…… and it seems my judgement was correct. It must be her silver hair. Match it with pale blue cloth and she really looks like a fairy from a story.”

“Yes, wonderful work. Thank you so much for finishing three dresses so quickly despite the sudden request.”

“No no, do not mention it. In fact, please let me thank you. As an artisan, it was like a dream when I heard I could make clothing for Krische ojou-sama.”

The tailor, a man dressed in a suit, looked over Krische once again and nodded.

“Seems like there are no problems. When you need another dress, please call for me. Not just for ojou-samas’ dresses, but if there is an opportunity, I would love to make a dress for Argan-sama too.”

“Fufu, if that time comes, please do. Thank you very much.”

“Yes, then please excuse me.”

Krische and Selene also said their thanks as Bery sent him off.

Including Bery, all of them are nobles and the tailor is a commoner.

Although the Christand family only grew large recently, they are indisputably upper-class nobles, there is no need for them to thank commoners.

It is natural for nobles to receive the services of commoners, the payment is simply business.

In fact, it is normal for nobles to consider thanking commoners insulting, but Bogan and the three of them do not care about that at all, they treat commoners politely despite being nobles.

――The Christand family is a family of humble heroes.

Their attitude is well liked by the town people and is also why the tailor was willing to work day and night to create three wonderful dresses.

Krische and Bery are often seen going to the trouble of visiting stores themselves to do their shopping. Because of Krische’s appearance and how often she appears in public, in a certain sense she is more popular than Selene among the town people.

That is why to the tailor, it was a genuine honour to make a dress for her.

“……muu, feels like I lost. You seem very popular.”

“Ihyai……”

Selene accurately picked up on that and pinched Krische’s cheek, sulking a little.

Selene is no less beautiful than Krische.

But her dignified beauty and the strong light in her eyes gives the opposite impression from Krische’s ephemeral beauty――a powerful kind of beauty.

Throughout history it is the frail and adorable types that are fawned over. Krische’s appearance will make most people want to protect her, giving her an edge over Selene.

Krische is aware that her appearance is good, but that is it.

She does not feel anything in particular about it nor does she care. Selene knows there is no point getting competitive with Krische, but it still annoyed her.

Selene satisfied herself by pinching and toying with both of Krische’s cheeks.

“But it really does suit you. You look lovely.”

“Ehehe, really?”

Selene is dressed as normal, in a simple, white one-piece dress.

Selene dug through her memories, considering which of her dresses would match Krische’s――when something soft touched her lips, making her stiffen.

“Selene is always pretty.”

Krische smiled as she told Selene that, showing no qualms about the kiss.

Krische’s kissing habits are only getting worse.

Selene thought of saying something about it, but she is also too soft on Krische, unable to say anything harsh.

“Uuu, jeeks again……”

Selene let go of Krische’s cheek and sighed, turning to the other two dresses lying on the bed.

The current dress looks good. But the other two are also hard to give up on.

Selene would prefer the red and black dress, but it seems like Bery has taken a liking to this dress.

This will be an intense battle again, Selene thought as she remembered their dispute the day they had seen the rough sketches.

――The tailor had brought too many rough sketches.

――And Krische took no initiative to choose.

So the task of choosing the dress naturally fell to Selene and Bery, but Selene prefers elegance and style while Bery prefers cuteness and purity.

They could only choose three from dozens of rough sketches.

The result was a heated argument lasting half the day.

Krische brewed tea while Bery was busy arguing and watched them with the tailor. The tailor was also listening to their argument intently, taking notes.

They skipped lunch.

Of course, there were no snacks either. The fight continued until Krische lost to her hunger and tearfully asked if they could prepare dinner.

Selene dreaded another similar battle.

But Selene cannot lose.

Selene had given in the previous time and Bery chose two dresses.

Selene is determined to get this black and red dress through this time.

This dress is the one that was originally meant to be rushed in time for the dinner party.

The door opened and Bery entered, staring at Krische with a raptured look.

“……it really, is cute. Ojou-sama, this has to be the one――”

“Wait a moment. I will admit it is very cute, but Krische is a general’s daughter and will be going to the capital to be granted the rank of senior knight. Krische’s personality is childish enough, she should at least appear smarter with this black dress.”

“That makes sense……but Krische-sama is a child. There is no need to for her to act older. And the victory ceremony is to be conducted in military dress attire right? Then I believe it is fine for the dress to be the cute one here.”

Bery had a smile on her face, but her eyes were not smiling.

Selene also smiled as she countered.

“Hey, Bery. Don’t you remember that I gave in last time? I let you choose that pale blue dress and white dress already.”

“Gave in? Did ojou-sama forget that we let Krische-sama choose whether she preferred red or white? We decided on white because Krische-sama said she liked it. It is just that as a result, Krische-sama chose the one I wanted, ojou-sama did not give in.”

“That’s because you asked her that way! I remember that you threatened her by saying ‘Krische-sama, don’t you think this white dress is better? We cannot prepare dinner unless we decide……’! You coward!”

“Oh my, that is saying too much.”

――‘then the white one, the white one is fine.’

Krische could not endure her hunger any longer and just said that.

Krische stood around helplessly as the two of them suddenly started arguing, then recalled what had happened the other day. She took off the gloves to avoid dirtying them and reached for the cookies.

Survival instinct.

Krische’s brilliant mind has calculated that the chances of skipping lunch is high.

So she decided she had to make up for it with cookies.

But Selene caught her hand.

“Ah……”

“After using such a cowardly move, if you still refuse to bend, then I will have to crush you thoroughly. Krische, change into the black dress again.”

“Er……okay.”

“……even if you do that, my decision will not change.”

“Why are you talking like you have the right to decide!?”

“Why? it is obvious. I am Krische-sama’s teacher and caretaker. It is my role to choose her dress.”

“That’s self-proclaimed! If you are using that, then you are a servant and I am the next master! Know your place――”

And the battle begun.



* * *



If she stays quiet, Krische looks mature despite her adorable appearance.

This is because she does not show her emotions and is expressionless most of the time.

The black-red dress has more exposure than the pale blue dress and it emphasises Krische’s modest breasts, but the gap with her young appearance creates a sexual charm.

Her young appearance and adult expression are both brought out well by the red in the black dress, making her look stylish and beautiful.

‘This is the only dress that can fully bring out Krische’s charm.

The pale blue dress is certainly cute. It suits her very well. Only Krische could wear it so well.

But since she is going to the capital to receive the rank of senior knight, she should wear this vibrant black and red dress.’

Was Selene’s argument.

Krische was nodding at Selene’s praise of her, but Bery disapproved.

‘I can understand ojou-sama’s opinion. But.’

――But.

Accepting the other party’s views but showing no sign of backing off.

Bery made Krische change into the white dress.

The white dress looked even more pure than the pale blue dress, but the black accent also made it look stylish.

The red rose at the chest stood out, a point of vibrancy in an otherwise simple outift.

Bery argued that Krische’s true charm is in her innocence and if Krische needs to be stylish, this dress would be a good compromise.

‘It is true that the cool, sexy black and red dress also suits Kirsche well.

But since Krische-sama is not looking for a partner, that dress would be unsuitable.

It might be okay if Krische-sama is good at deflecting men, but she is not and is quite shy.

We should emphasise the adorable general’s daughter side of her.’

“That’s just your tastes! You’re overprotective! She needs the experience.”

“It is not just my tastes. This is for Krische-sama’s sake…… Krische-sama, there will be a lot of dishes at the dinner party, would you want your meal to be interrupted?”

“Eh? No……”

“This black dress will make a lot of men come talk to you, giving you no time to eat. So this time, let’s go with either the white or pale blue dress――”

“Hya!”

Selene pulled Krische away as she was about to be ensnared by Bery.

“Bery, that’s cowardly! Krische, you would not give in to food during such an important event right? Krische is a splendid lady right?”

“Uu,, uuu……yes……”

“The dinner party is a social gathering among nobles. Even though there is food, you cannot be eating the entire time. In fact, you will be thought of as an embarrassing and greedy girl if you do not restrain yourself. Do you want to be seen that way?”

“Krische does not……”

“That’s right, rather than ‘Glutton Krische’, Krische prefers ‘Lady Krische’ right? Then you must not listen to Bery’s stupid words.”

“Oh my”, Bery frowned.

“Stupid? Even if our opinions differ, ojou-sama resorts to insults?”

“That’s because you tried to ensnare Krische with cowardly methods! Not just once but twice……those methods will not work every time.”

“Ensnare is such an exaggeration. I am simply offering my opinions for Krische-sama to consider when choosing her dress. Krische-sama, you poor thing……it is okay. Even if Krische-sama is a glutton, I love Krische-sama and everyone will think it is cute. It is a dinner party in the royal palace, there will be many dishes Krische-sama has never seen before……do you want to enjoy those dishes with me?”

“Food……”

Selene appealed to her reason.

Bery appealed to her desires.

This match was already more of who can convince Krische rather than choosing the dress.

Noon had already passed, it is the usual time for teatime.

“……what are you arguing about?”

“Oh my, master, welcome home.”

About two and a half hours after the sun was at the highest point in the sky, Bogan came in.

Bogan had finally finished cleaning up after the war and had come home yesterday.

He had left early this morning to participate in a meeting regarding the army’s reorganisation, but when he came home after finishing his work for the day, he had heard noisy voices from Krische’s room.

He recalled that the dresses were to be delivered today and came to take a look, only to walk in on Selene and Bery’s argument.

He stopped them and listened to what each had to say,

Either one is fine, he thought as he felt the fatigue weighing down his tired body grow heavier.

“――is my opinion, master.”

“Bery just won’t listen. Doesn’t otou-sama also think that this black dress is nicer?”

“Aah……any, anyway, I understand both of your views, but calm down first.”

It was a pointless argument, but Bogan felt relieved by it.

He had been fighting with honour and lives on the line. He felt the tension from that heavy responsibility relax, he is home now.

His stern features relaxed.

After Krische had come, the two of them had become a little noisier, but it is a good change.

Selene had been too serious after he had lost his wife and now she had mellowed a little. Bery also seems to be enjoying herself more than before.

The person being fought over is uncomfortably glancing between the two of them, looking to Bogan for help.

Seems like Krische is just a dress-up doll here.

Bogan smiled wryly and compared the two dresses, then answered.

“Military dress is the standard for a victory ceremony, but there is no problems with women wearing dresses. Can’t she just wear that black dress for the victory ceremony than wear Bery’s one for the dinner party?”

“……hm? Really?”

“Yeah. You should also wear a dress. It will be a hot topic if both of you wear dresses. There are already songs of you two on the battlefield.”

Songs? Bery tilted her head in question as Selene blushed.

“The heroes protecting the two beautiful Christand princesses――throw yourselves into the whirlwind of battle, two beautiful princesses dance for us, the twin eagles share a pair of wings, guiding us through the storm――what was the rest? I don’t remember, but it’s a song about Selene and Krische.”

(T/N: pain. Anyone who can think of better lyrics, always welcome. 戦の嵐に身を委ね、されど我らに舞うは美姫二人、羽を分け合う番いの鷲は、嵐にあっても我らを導き.)

“Oh my, there was such a song? Ojou-sama, why did you not tell me about this?”

“There’s no way I could. That’s too embarassing.”

Bogan laughed.

“It’s a good thing. You know that many commanders wish for the love of their soldiers, but not many can obtain it. On the battlefield, this is something to celebrate.”

On the battlefield.

Bogan saw Bery lower her eyes a little.

“I know that Bery still cannot accept it but……”

“That is……true. But, I can understand.”

“Krische helped us a lot. Without her, the Kingdom would still be at war. Of course, I will do the most that I can……but I am not the hero that the public thinks I am. I have limits. Having her at my back at those times is most reassuring……please understand this.”

“……yes.”

Selene clenched her fist as she watched Bery nod, then glanced towards Krische.

Krische was staring at the cookies with stiff expression.

Her limit must be close after skipping lunch.

“Er, then……are we done, choosing the dress?”

“Yes. If ojou-sama agrees.”

“Nnn……well, fine. I will accept this.”

Krische breathed a sigh of relief at finally being released and took off her gloves.

She can finally eat the cookies.

But――a voice stopped her

“Ah, oh yeah. Selene, once Krische is done changing, bring her to my room. I need to quickly run through the ceremony procedures with you two. I will be going to Kokys’ estate tonight, so I don’t have much time.”

“Okay, otou-sama.”

Krische froze.

-End-





U.E. C.28: Journey Memories


Stretch out your leg and take a large step.

Repeat that three hundred times and it is one league.

Walking at a normal pace, you can cover eight leagues in an hour, so travelling on foot, you can cover seventy to eighty leagues in a day.

(T/N: Ancient Japanese league, ranging from 533.5m to 655m. Not the modern Japanese league at 3.9km or nautical league at 5.6km which leads to interesting Krische walking speeds, hardly ‘normal’ pace)

The Christand estate is located in Gurgain, roughly six hundred leagues from the capital, Albernaria

Since they are travelling by carriage and horseback――there is no one on foot, they travel slightly faster than the average traveler and can cover close to ninety leagues a day if they wished too.

But that does not mean their journey becomes any shorter.

This is because towns along the main road are generally located about sixty to eighty leagues apart.

If they camped outside every night, they could reach the capital in six days.

But that is assuming they bring along all the necessary food and horse feed.

They would need an extra carriage for that and even more feed for the extra horse, leading to greater expense.

Thus there is a need for them to stop by towns for food and to feed the horses, but while they restock, the sun would set.

So whether they camped or stayed at an inn, they would spend the night in town either way, so the length of their journey is not much different from going on foot. Even if the distance is the same, if there are nine towns on the journey then it will take ten days either way. If there are eight towns, then nine days.

A day’s journey, whether on foot or horse, often refers to the short distance between towns.

In contrast, an army marches through mountains, forests and empty plains, so their day’s journey is often a little longer, but the distance covered in a day is also ambiguous.

The distance that can be covered each day is approximated from where the traveler can rest, so people usually estimate the distance by feel and the length of journeys are described in days instead of distance.

“Krische-sama, look, those are the Twin Mountains.”

――It is the third day of their journey.

Krische and Bery huddled together in the carriage, watching the scenery through a small window.

Selene, Bogan and Gallen are outside on horseback, riding together with the guards, so the two of them are alone in the carriage.

Bery is dressed in her usual white and black apron dress.

Krische is wearing a white one-piece dress under a black hooded cloak with silver embroidery.

Krische’s previous cloak was stained with too much blood and had to be thrown away. This new cloak was chosen for her by Selene and is her latest favourite because of how comfortable and warm it is.

Krische played with the fabric as she responded to Bery.

“Err……Mitskronia and Bernaich, right?”

“Yes. They each have their own names but are usually referred to as the Twin Mountains. See how their shapes are very similar? Just like twins.”

South of Gurgain, two steep mountains blocked the path to the capital.

The mountains are said to have been split into two by a battle between dragons. Mitskronia and Bernaich, the two Twin Mountains――also known as the Dragon’s Maw.

The two mountains separate the center from the north, they are the border between Kuriel and Alkeil.

In between the two mountains there is a gently sloping path that a carriage can just fit through, serving as the only trade route between the center and the north.

Five hundred years ago, the area north of here――basically the area around Gurgain, belonged to barbarians and these mountains were the border of the Kingdom.

Naturally, this was a key location for both the barbarians and the Kingdom (not that the Kingdom was much different from the barbarians at that time) and many fierce battles were fought over it. Vast amounts of blood has seeped into the ground of this strategic location.

Thus many soldiers follow tradition and call them the ‘Dragon’s maw’.

Because of the griffons, savage flying beasts tamed by the barbarians, the Kingdom suffered greatly on this land.

Mirskronia and Bernaich are the two heroes that finally captured the mountains.

Their names often appears in books.

The northern barbarians of that time were split into many clans. Bernaich infiltrated them alone, obtained the aid of the powerful clans and attacked the griffon clans from behind.

Mitskronia took that chance to lead a large force into the mountains. Many men were lost, but they broke through to the north and captured the Dragon’s Maw. They then constructed a stronghold on the north side, cementing their victory at the Dragon’s Maw.

When it is already five hundred years ago, the history in books could be fabricated and Krische hates reading those.

Krische judged that most of those are fiction, but there is one interesting exception, ‘The Battle of Dragon’s Maw’.

There are many records of it and it is often brought up in books that Krische has read.

The clans that cooperated with Bernaich went through a period of strife and formed the Arna Empire to the north of the Kingdom while the defeated barbarians scattered to the north-eastern and north-western mountains.

Thus the mountain clans do not have a good relationship with the Kingdom and the Empire, but they still honour the old non-aggression pact, so peace continues.

The battle was described as necessary to protect the peace of the Kingdom, not an invasion. But Krische could tell that it was definitely an invasion to expand the Kingdom’s territories, it is doubtful if the multiple supposed invasions by the barbarians even happened.

History is decorated and affected by perspective, political fronts are recorded as if they are facts, history books are not always right.

But among such cases, ‘The Battle of Dragon’s maw’ is quite interesting because it can be confirmed in many books. Krische absentmindedly stared at the mountains with Bery, thinking about how she would go about it.

Krische has knowledge of this area’s map, but it is the first time she has seen it herself.

Accurate maps are valuable and even then, there are often large differences with what she actually sees.

If Krische was to deploy an army here, how would Krische arrange them? How would Krische build a fort?

Krische stared at Bery as she imagined that.

“Fufu, are you sleepy?”

“No.”

Krische looks at the scenery so that she can imagine such things.

She memorises the scenery and imagines how she would deploy troops against a potential enemy in various conditions.

By imagining these, she can be ready to deal with anything that happens and also pass the time.

Krische does not have the habit of enjoying the scenery.

Trees are trees, flowers are flowers. At night, the stars will show and the moon will shine.

These do not bring out any particular emotion in Krische. She simply sees and analyses what there is, she has never felt joy from looking at the scenery.

But Krische found it curious that Bery seemed to be enjoying the act of watching the scenery itself.

Bery had told Krische to ask anything that she found weird, but even Krische was reluctant to ask ‘what is fun about that?’ when someone is enjoying themselves.

For Krische, as long as Bery is happy, that is fine.

Bery pointed at this and that from the scenery outside the small window.

Today’s evening sun is beautiful. The flower patch over there was very pretty.

Krische nodded as Bery spoke, but did not feel what Bery seemed to be feeling.

“……ask me if there is anything you find weird, Krische-sama.”

“Eh?”

Bery laughed softly as she stroked Krische’s cheek.

Bery had noticed that Krische had a question, but Krische did not ask it no matter how long she waited.

Normally, Krische would ask immediately.

But this time, Krische only stared at Bery curiously and did not ask anything.

Bery thought about why and finally realised Krische was being considerate, so she urged Krische herself.

Bery was overjoyed by Krische’s kindness and embraced her tightly.

“I do not have the habit of enjoying the scenery either. Well, the mountains feel large and I think the flowers are pretty, but that is it.”

“……really?”

“Yes, I am enjoying watching the scenery together with Krische-sama.”

“With Krische?”

Bery nodded and looked outside.

“Krische-sama, do you remember the roast bird we made? The one the three of us stuffed together.”

“Yes, it was very delicious……”

“Did you have fun making it?”

“……a lot. It was fun. Selene was very bad at it.”

Bery held up a finger as Krische nodded honestly.

“That is it. Fun memories are also fun when you recall them. Just like now, I am enjoying the act of making memories with Krische-sama by watching the scenery together from this carriage.”

“Making memories……”

“Yes. That previous memory was very fun because we cooked together. Right now, I am also together with Krische-sama, so I am having fun. And when I remember this, I will enjoy it again.”

Krische could kind of understand, but also could not.

Bery smiled as Krische groaned with difficult expression.

“I am happy simply by spending time with Krische-sama. It is fun whether we are watching the scenery or doing something else. Even if it is boring to watch the scenery alone, if I am with Krische-sama, then it is very fun.”

“……I see.”

Bery patted Krische’s head, her eyes gazing into the distance.

“……in the past, I also travelled this road in a carriage, with my nee-sama. At that time, I did not have the leisure to look at the scenery, much less enjoy it like I am doing now.”

“Err……does that”

“Fufu, of course it was not because I did not like nee-sama.”

Bery arms tightened around Krische as she spoke.

“It was almost twenty years ago. My father’s business failed and the Argan house was under heavy debt. My father did his best, but collapsed from illness after pushing himself too far……nee-sama and I were left alone and there was nothing we could do about the debt. The merchant that lent the Argan house money told us to participate in a ball at the capital.”

“……ball.”

“Yes. There are many types of people in the capital. To some of them, the Argan house’s debt is trivial. We were told to become the mistress of such people……a common story for powerless nobles. There are many who want noble status.”

“Nn……Bery was told to become someone’s wife?”

Bery nodded.

The correct way to put it would be selling herself into bondage.

They would be lucky if they were chosen by someone who valued them for their noble status.

Many nobles are beautiful. There are those that buy ruined ladies and widows to fulfill their carnal desires, the two of them were sent to an infamous ball where such people gathered.

Bery was not even ten yet. At that time she was sickly and underdeveloped, basically a child, but she was still made to participate in the ball because she would be popular among certain people.

There is no slavery in the Kingdom, but there are people who are effectively slaves.

In the end, the two of them were sent to the capital as slaves.

“Since we were supposed to become someone’s mistress in exchange for money, we had no say no matter what kind of person it would be. It was a very difficult time for us.

They were made to wear vulgar dresses――to be toys for the men’s viewing pleasure.

Bery was smart and could understand her situation.

She had given up and prepared to become a toy for her sister’s sake. But her sister was a great, a kind sister.

She convinced Bery to stay back, covered for her and protected her from the hands of the men there.

Bery’s sister spent the night with a few of those men.

“That was when we coincidentally met master again and he found out about our situation. He took nee-sama as his wife and saved me.”

That was the first time Bery’s sister cried throughout that ordeal.

Bery had been happy, but also resented him for not saving them earlier.

But later, she found out that Bogan had sold many valuables, including family treasures, for them and grew ashamed of herself.

Bogan had only met Bery’s sister a few times when she was younger.

But Bogan was not put off by her sister’s experience and said she was the most wonderful and beautiful woman he had met. He was the only one suitable for her sister.

“Part of why I said marriage would be difficult for me is because it reminds me of unpleasant memories from that time. Honestly, even now I am still scared of men and do not like wearing dresses. I was also a little scared of boarding this carriage to the capital.”

Krische patted Bery on the head, looking at her worriedly.

Bery smiled brightly in reply.

“……but since I am together with Krische-sama, I am enjoying myself and am very happy. The scenery outside the window looks different from before and is very beautiful. This is all thanks to Krische-sama.”

“Er……Krische did not, do anything.”

“Basically, just being by Krische-sama’s side makes me happy enough to forget the painful things.”

Bery laughed and smiled gently.

Krische’s gaze wandered awkwardly, then she buried her face into Bery’s chest.

She then raised her face a little and said shyly.

“Er, Krische also, er……does not really like carriages, because it hurts Krische’s butt……but, Bery prepared a blanket, and hugs Krische like this, so it is not painful, and is comfortable……and, and Krische is happy.”

Bery widened her eyes, then smiled happily.

“Fufu, I see. I guess I cannot stop hugging you then.”

Not liking carriages was an extremely important secret for Krische, but as she had expected, Bery is kind and did not make fun of her.

“Nn!”

Krische was delighted by that and embraced Bery, kissing her.

Bery realised what was about to happen from their position and the position of Krische’s face and tried to stop her, but Krische is one of humanity’s best at stealing lips.

Bery’s reaction was just too slow.

“You two, it’s almost lunch――”

Selene opened the small window right at that moment, peeking in from atop her horse and froze.

Krische drew away, satisfied. Bery’s face turned bright red as she looked at Selene.

“H, hey, in the carriage……!”

Selene hastily looked around and breathed a sigh of relief after confirming there was nobody around.

“――What’ll you do if someone saw, you idiot!”

“Uuu……”

Selene’s stifled scolding and hand came through the window, pinching Krische’s cheek.

-End-



* * *



Bery is definitely not reflecting, repenting or regretting. She is going all out





U.E. C.29: Unpleasant


Soon after passing through the Dragon’s Maw――They arrived at Mitskronetia.

This fort was named after the hero Mitskronia and was originally built to defend against the northern barbarians, but it is now a key trading hub connecting the Kingdom’s center to the north.

The Dragon’s Maw is flanked by mountains, the ground is steep and footing is unstable. It is natural for many merchants and travelers take a break at Mitskronetia and eventually people started settling there――so the fortress Miskronetia became a large trading town.

Trade from the northern Kingdom and Arna Empire pass through here before being distributed to the south.

The market here is famous for its vibrancy with streets packed with shops and open air stalls.

This town had established a free market district to stimulate the economy, anyone could trade tax-free just by setting up a stall in this district.

This district expanded as the town developed and is now a two square league area packed with stalls.

Since they had arrived early, Bery brought Krische and Selene to the market, accompanied by three soldiers.

Krische was in a good mood with her arm entwined with Bery’s as she looked around excitedly.

There are many ingredients that she had never seen back at the estate, so many novelties.

Selene had also started learning to cook recently and they chatted as they explored the market.

“Here, Bery, Aaahn.”

“Krische-sama, er……okay, thank you……”

Bery had bought Krische some fruits and snacks.

Krische fed Bery a small fruit and ate one herself.

The small fruit is a nirkana fruit, a fruit similar to strawberries but sugary sweet.

Krische’s lips relaxed into a smile as she enjoyed the taste.

It is gluttonous and embarrassing to be the only one eating.

So Krische usually fed Bery before eating herself. But this is not in their estate, Bery’s face was bright red as Krische fed her in public.

Although she is their servant, Bery is also a proper noble.

Eating while walking is already embarrassing enough for her, being fed by Krische makes it even more so.

Bery herself also enjoys feeding Krische and does it often, but that is in the estate.

Bery was educated as a noble and shares their values.

Although she does not prejudice against the commoners eating on the streets, it is very embarrassing to do it herself.

But she is unable to tell Krische that when Krische looks so happy.

Krische grew up in a village and it was normal to pluck fruits and just eat them on the spot.

Giving each other food like this was an everyday thing.

Since Bery knows their sense of values are completely different, it is hard for her to say anything.

Nobles’ values are not necessarily more correct than others.

Bery has no intentions of raising Krische to be a proper noble, she just wants Krische to be happy.

As a result, this thinking limited Bery’s actions and the embarrassing act continued.

“Ehehe, delicious.”

“Y, yes……”

“Selene too, here, it is delicious. Aahn.”

“……I will refrain. I won’t be able to eat dinner otherwise.”

Selene’s attire is a white shirt and black riding pants that flare out at the thighs.

It matches Krische’s black cloak with silver embroidery.

Selene had given up on the scene next to her, but adamantly refused Krische’s innocent offer herself.

Accepting such an offer on the street would be embarrassing.

Even if she might accept it indoors (where it has already become a habit as of late), she has no interest in being publicly humiliated.

Selene’s eyes seemed to say ‘you deserve it’ as she looked at Bery.

“That’s why I told you to stop. This was clearly going to happen……”

“Y, yes but……I cannot help it……”

“This is because you’re always doing these kind of things, I’m not helping you.”

“Uu……”

It is the result of her own actions, so Bery could not protest.

She had a feeling this would happen when she had bought the fruits for Krische.

But Bery is too soft on Krische.

She had lost to Krische’s silent plea combined with upturned eyes and bought fruits they could eat while walking around.

Bery blushed from both embarrassment and happiness, but did not stop Krische.

Her arm is tightly entwined with Krische’s, but leaving Krische free enough to hold the fruits.

Selene smiled wryly as she watched them walk together happily.



* * *



The three of them with their beautiful appearances drew a lot of attention.

The market is crowded and not a very safe place.

There were some that looked at them with ill intent, but the lightning and falcon crest stopped them.

Unlike simple bandits that attack any passing carriage, thieves that lurk in towns are wiser.

They know very well what will happen if they do anything to those girls.

Lower ranked noble daughters are often the targets for kidnappings. Kidnapping them is like kidnapping any other girl in town, once the kidnapping is accomplished, things will work out somehow.

But daughters of powerful nobles are different.

Such nobles will do everything they can to find the culprit, even if they had to look through every piece of hay in the haystack.

The country will also take action.

Such crimes are seen as a rebellion against authority that was granted by the absolute ruler, the king.

The culprits must be caught and punished in the most cruel way to set an example.

Such punishments also extends to anyone associated, whether or not the person is actually involved, anyone suspected will be taken in and anyone that belongs to the same group will be executed.

Basically, every single person involved in any shady dealings in the vicinity is included.

In the past, a royal relative was kidnapped and a third of the citizens in the town where the incident occured was executed. Similar ‘hunts’ were carried out in neighboring areas and anyone who ever interacted with the guilty group was executed, including merchants and lower ranking nobles,.

This is how heavy the punishment is for such a crime.

The syndicates in towns are well aware of this, all members, even the lowest ranks, are strictly controlled.

People like these are in a sense a necessary evil, so they are overlooked in order to maintain a certain level of order.

Since there will always be criminals, a system is necessary to keep them under control.

But this is just an unspoken agreement.

There is a need to show that the Kingdom is merely overlooking their presence, so when such crimes occur, the crackdown is excessively severe.

This is the reason why though there are still kidnappings and ransom of merchants, no nobles have been kidnapped in the past few decades, at least not officially.

Because of these circumstances, the three of them were not exposed to any danger and their day passed peaceful.



* * *



The sun will be setting soon.

Normally, travelers will stay at an inn when stopping by a town.

But not every town has a high class inn suitable for the Christands, high-class nobles and a general.

Nobles have a status to uphold and unless they are travelling incognito, upper-class nobles travelling for official duties must not stay at an inn meant for normal travelers.

They have a reputation to maintain.

Bogan was born as a lower ranking noble and has spent a long time on the battlefield, a bed and a roof above his head is sufficient for him. He might find it ridiculous, but there is an unspoken agreement in the Kingdom that nobles must act as befitting of their rank.

Even if he personally finds it ridiculous, if he stayed at an inn, other nobles would shun him for insulting nobles as a whole.

If the town they visit is nothing more than a rest stop and there is no suitable inn, then they would have to set up a tent and camp outside.

It is stupid but this is the norm in the Kingdom.

Nobles are somewhat protected from crime, but they are bound by such troublesome traditions to maintain their image.

But this is a problem shared by all nobles.

So there is also an unspoken agreement that nobles should welcome and provide lodgings to other nobles travelling on official duties.

The country also approves of this.

There are five main roads leading to the capital, known as the ‘King’s Fingers’

The towns and territories along these roads generate a lot of income and the nobles that manage them benefit from this.

The Kingdom allows them to earn more than the other territories so that they can host nobles travelling on official duties.

They have to provide lodgings and luxurious meals for visiting nobles.

Of course this costs money and with many nobles passing through, the expense becomes quite significant. The unspoken agreement was formed naturally over time and there have been nobles that went bankrupt because of it, so the nobles that manage these territories are granted a greater share of the taxes compared to other territories.

This road is one of the King’s Fingers and the large town of Mitskronetia is also managed by such a noble.

Since the hero, Bogan Christand is visiting, he must be welcomed. They were granted a magnificent estate to stay in.

The Christand estate is not that small, but this is twice as large.

The walls are smooth stone and the pillars are engraved with intricate carvings.

The garden is well cared for, decorated with fountains and flowerbeds.

When the three of them returned with their guards, a guest was just leaving.

They came face-to-face with that guest in front of the gate――and Krische felt Bery’s arm tense.

Bery’s brow was slightly furrowed as she looked at the man before them.

Krische curiously followed her gaze.

“Oh my……Bery-sama. You have grown beautiful. You look lovely.”

The fat middle-aged man greeted them.

He wore a gaudy red coat and his slacks looked like they were bursting at the seams.

Gold accessories decorated his fingers and a large ruby hung around his neck.

The man removed his silk hat and bowed elegantly, his gaze crawling down Bery’s body as he did so.

Krische’s arm was entwined with Bery’s and she could feel Bery tense.

Krische is familiar with this kind of lustful gazes.

Grace drew such gazes in the village and Krische also clearly remembers that unpleasant man she killed for touching her had also looked at her like that.

Such gazes are common when walking around town with Bery, even today.

Krische did not care since there was no harm――but frowned now as she saw Bery’s reaction.

They had come back in a good mood after having a ‘fun time’.

But the instant Bery met this man, that mood disappeared and Bery looked distressed

It is very rare for Bery to look distressed.

Bery has a gentle disposition and makes special effort to not show Krische such emotions, so Krische has never seen Bery like this.

But Bery looks distressed now.

――at this point, Krische already found the man unpleasant.

“Nice to meet you too, ojou-samas. I am Roland, a merchant. Pleased to make your acquaintance.”

He bowed to Selene, then to Krische.

His gaze was less blatant than when on Bery.

“It must be thanks to the goddess of fortune, Arsay, for me to have this chance to lay eyes on Margrave Christand’s two beautiful princesses. Your beauty is just as rumoured and joy fills my heart.”

“You have a good tongue, Roland.”

“Hahaha, I mean it.”

Selene replied as a noble would, but did not let him kiss her hand and looked at him in disdain.

It is rare for Selene to look at someone she had just met like this, even if he is a commoner.

“……it has been a while, Roland-sama.”

“Yes, indeed. How many years has it been? Lazura-sama was beautiful, but Bery-sama could be mistaken for her……you look very alike.”

“……thank you.”

Bery’s voice was stiff.

Roland smiled unpleasant as he spoke, but Bery replied expressionlessly.

Krische could feel the tension grow in Bery’s arm and Krische’s displeasure grew with it as she looked towards Selene.

Selene noticed Krische’s gaze and stepped forward.

“Sorry but we are tired after looking around the market. Could you move?”

“Ah, silly me, my apologies.”

“Thanks. See you again if there is such a chance. Please excuse us now…… let’s go Bery.”

“……yes, ojou-sama.”

They passed by him and went through the gate.

Roland kept his head lowered until the door closed behind them.

Selene sighed in irritation.

“That was disgusting. A gaze that blatant is unusual. Such an unpleasant man. Bery, who was that?”

“A merchant that used to work with the Argan house……it is not somebody I want to see either.”

Bery smiled bitterly.

Although she has returned to her usual self, her voice is still a little stiff.

Selene did not inquire any further.

Selene does not know all the details of Bery’s past.

Her mother had said that they were saved when they were facing difficult times, but her parents did not speak anymore on the matter. Bery herself also does not speak of that time.

But Selene knows the fate of nobles that go bankrupt.

She could infer who that man is based on Bery’s words.

The displeasure she felt grew stronger and she vented it by pinching Krische’s cheeks.

“Ue……”

“How long are you going to cling to Bery. We are guests here, so behave yourself properly when we are here.”

“N, now now……”

“Bery is also spoiling Krische too much, seriously.”

Krische reluctantly let go at Selene’s sudden unreasonable demand and looked up at Bery.

Bery smiled back with her usual smile.

-End-





U.E. C.30: Killing Intent, Wishes and Love


Selene and Bery are special to Krische.

This is why Krische paid extra attention to Bery.

Bery smiled and appeased Bogan’s concerns, she appeared to enjoy their meal and they bathed together like usual, but Bery seemed a little different from normal.

Krische thought about the reason and the more she thought about it, the more unpleasant she felt.

――let’s kill him.

It did not take long for her to come to that decision.

Krische feels nothing about killing people.

Killing people and plucking fruits are the same for her.

She will pluck a fruit if she is hungry and she will kill if the person is unpleasant.

After coming to the estate, Krische has always been in a good mood because of Bery.

That toned down her abnormality, but her true nature has not changed.

She is still abnormal.

Bery is important to Krische.

Anything that is unpleasant to Bery is also extremely unpleasant for Krische and she did not hesitate to start making plans.

Krische ’empathised’ with Bery in her own way and that resulted in this decision.

Krische was able to infer a little about that man based on Bery’s story in the carriage.

It is just a vague guess that he is someone that did horrible things to Bery in the past, but that is enough.

Krische did not mind it much when she heard Bery’s story at first since it is a thing of the past. But since he showed up before them and and is causing Bery distress, it would be better to kill him.

Krische’s thinking is simple.

But then, Bery is a problem.

Bery is always by Krische’s side, even when sleeping.

This is because Krische wished for it and it makes her very happy, but it is a problem today.

In the end, Krische had to wait for Bery to fall asleep.

Krische desperately fought the usual sleepiness brought on by Bery’s warmth――and slipped out of bed.

Krische took care not to wake Bery and turned to stare at her beautiful sleeping face for a while, resisting the usual urge to kiss her.

Krische breathed a sigh of relief after confirming that Bery is deep asleep, then quietly put on her cloak inside-out and pulled up the hood, hiding her thin pink negligee.

The cloak has silver embroidery and the Christand crest on the chest, but it is made of many layers of cloth and when turned inside-out, it becomes pitch-black.

Their room is narrow, half of a room that was refurbished into two rooms.

Rooms like this are common in the estate due to number of visiting nobles. Due to this layout, Selene’s room is accessible from their balcony.

The weather is good. The bright moonlight will be a problem though.

Krische judged that it should be fine with the cloak and planned to travel along the roofs.

Krische ignored her curved sword and drew her knife.

This is so that Bery does not notice even if she wakes up.

Krische planned to finish this quickly, fast enough that she could say she just went outside for a breath of fresh air.

According to Bogan, Roland just happened to be visiting this town and came to give his regards to the noble in charge here.

Krische had also heard Bogan mention that Roland is staying at a nearby inn.

Luckily, there is only one high-class inn nearby.

No need to spend time searching.

Even if Krische cannot find him, she can just grab a person or two and torture them.

Let’s go

“…………”

But Krische glanced at Bery, then looked away.

――will she really stay asleep?

If Bery woke up right after Krische left, Krische would not be able to explain herself.

Bery will be angry if she finds out, what if she hates Krische because of this? The unease grew in Krische’s heart.

This emotion is a recent discovery for Krische.

Bery is kind and soft on Krische.

As Krische grew more dependent on Bery, even the smallest things makes her uneasy.

Since her dependence is the cause, Krische had thought about fixing it a few times, but Bery is so kind and hard to distance.

Krische did not want to lose this feeling of comfort and her dependence grew as she mulled over this.

The stronger her dependence grew, the stronger her unease over being hated by Bery became.

Krische is not used to and does not know how to deal with this emotion, so she does not know what to do.

She grew uncertain about why she was doing this.

Bery is distressed. So Krische will kill that man.

Krische is doing this for Bery, but Bery will not approve of this.

That is natural, this breaks the rules.

‘Er……Krische wants Bery to tell Krische if Bery does not like something or is angry.’

‘It is okay. Why would I dislike it or get angry when the Krische-sama I love is trying to make me happy?’

Will doing this make Bery happy?

――no.

To get rid of something that distresses Bery, Krische will be doing something Bery will not be happy about.

Thoughts spun around in Krische’s mind as she stared at Bery.

“……Krischie-sama”

“……!”

Krische stepped back in surprise and her hand knocked into the shelf.

Krische watched Bery as the sound echoed, but it was just Bery’s sleeptalk.

Krische let out a sigh of relief and stepped away from the shelf――but her cloak had caught on her sword and knocked it to the ground.

“Ah……”

The sound this time was too loud.

“Krische-sama……?”

Bery’s eyes opened a little.

Krische froze, staring at Bery.

Bery sat up, her thin negligee revealing itself from under the blanket, and tilted her head.

“What happened……? Why is Krische-sama wearing a cloak?”

“Ah, er, erm……Krische wanted to, take a breath of fresh air.”

“……does this room smell that bad?”

Bery sniffed the air, but there was no particular smell.

She approached Krische and extended a hand, but Krische backed into the shelf.

Bery frowned suspiciously at Krische’s reaction as she placed her hand on Krische’s brow.

“Temperature……seems normal. Hmm, my body temperature is high since I was just sleeping, so this might not be accurate.”

Krische’s eyes wandered.

“My nose might be off too. How does Krische-sama feel? Does any part of Krische-sama’s body feel weird?”

“No, er……”

“Fatigue might have built up from being cooped up in the carriage. Err……”

Bery rummaged through her bag and retrieved a piece of fruit.

“Let’s peel this fruit and enjoy it. It will refresh us and is good nutrition. Which one would Krische-sama lik――wah”

Krische hugged Bery, her eyes on the ground.

Bery was bewildered, but realised that Krische was acting strange.

She hugged Krische to calm her down and patted her head.

Krische looked like a child about to be scolded.

“What happened?”

“……”

“Did you do something that I would scold you for?”

Krische hesitated for a moment, then nodded.

“……Krische, told a, lie.”

“A lie……about what?”

Bery embraced Krische’s trembling body.

She soothed Krische and calmed her down, then tapped Krische on the back, pulling away.

Bery undid the knot at Krische’s collar and removed the cloak.

Krische resisted for a moment, then gave up――Bery’s expression turned surprised when she realised Krische was holding a knife.

Bery fell into thought for a while, but did not remark on it and took it from Krische, picking up the fruit in her other hand.

“Let’s eat something sweet and calm down first. Come, please sit down.”



* * *



They brought a small table to the bed and sat. Bery placed the apple on a handkerchief and sliced it, cutting the slices to resemble rabbits and fed Krische.

Krische silently bit into the slice and took it from Bery, finishing it over a few small bites.

“Is it tasty?”

“……yes.”

Bery started carving another apple.

She dexterously handled the knife and ate the extra cuttings herself, smiling at Krische.

But Krische’s expression remained dark. Bery hesitated for a moment, then smiled bitterly.

“……honestly, I would be lying if I said I do not resent him. At that time, I also wanted to kill him.”

Krische widened her eyes in surprise and looked at Bery.

Bery smiled back.

“Even I think such thoughts too.”

Bery said simply.

“When I first joined the Christands, I read master’s books and learnt physical enhancement for combat. I also asked master to train me in self-defense……as I said before, my body was weak at that time, so I told master and nee-sama that I wanted to become more fit……but that was actually to kill Roland-sama.”

“Bery, did?”

“Yes, I was a young child. Fufu, but it seems like they realised pretty quickly……just that my body was getting better bit by bit as I learnt physical enhancement, so they could not bring themselves to say anything though they knew the reason I was so fervent about it.”

Bery’s smile turned nostalgic.

“After ojou-sama was born, nee-sama seemed very happy. Nee-sama was similar to me, her body was not very strong and we worried for her, but she pulled through childbirth……I was preparing to leave after that, but we happened to cook together.”

“Cook?”

“……yes. Nee-sama, fufu, she was just like ojou-sama, so clumsy when it comes to these things, just remembering it makes me laugh.”

――‘Why are you the only one that is so dexterous. No fair.‘

――‘Nee-sama has a lot of things that I do not, so it balances out.’

――‘Well, can’t help what we don’t have……Roland had money and the Argan house did not. That’s all.‘

“Nee-sama said that it was fate. The Argan house had no money and nee-sama was defiled. But thanks to that she met master and was blessed with ojou-sama. Nee-sama said she had found happiness, she might be clumsy but she had a dexterous sister to make up for it――she said she was happy eating my delicious cooking everyday.”

The apple’s shape slowly changed, forming the side profile of a woman.

“My greatest regret was letting nee-sama be defiled. I could not forgive that……but nee-sama told me that if I wished for her happiness, she would be happier if I was grateful for where fate has brought us and found happiness myself rather than be caught in the past and commit a crime. She said that since I am good at handling blades, I should use it for cooking, not stabbing people.”

Bery sighed and placed the apple and knife down on the handkerchief.

“Krische-sama, did you pick up that knife for my sake?”

“……Krische, is not sure.”

Krische replied weakly.

“That person makes Bery feel unpleasant, so Krische also finds him unpleasant. So, er……but, Krische knows Bery would not like this, so, Krische is not sure……Krische is not sure if this is good, or bad.”

Krische’s voice faltered.

“……then you did it for my sake. It was my fault for making Krische-sama so worried.”

“Bery is not――”

Bery pressed a slice of apple to Krische’s lips and smiled.

“I agreed with nee-sama, but at the same time I also believed that she could only say that because we were lucky……in the end, nee-sama passed away together with her second child.”

――‘A younger sister would be nice, but a younger brother would also be good. You showed me how they can help make up for what you are lacking.‘

――‘I want to give Selene a younger sister or brother. Bogan said he wants a boy, but seeing how he dotes on Selene, both seem fine.‘

――‘……I will be leaving her alone. Take care of her in my place, Bery. She is similar to you, I’m worried that she will work too hard.‘

“Ojou-sama was a little too serious and stubborn. Nee-sama was worried about ojou-sama and wanted to give her a younger sister or brother. She thought that it would let ojou-sama relax a little. So she tried……but failed.”

Bery lowered her eyes as she recalled the past.

“And so nee-sama left ojou-sama in my care. I did my best to act bright, to make up for nee-sama. But ojou-sama kept driving herself further into a corner. I am really bad at these things, I just do not know what to do……but then, Krische-sama arrived.

“……Krische?”

“Yes, Krische-sama.”

Bery pulled Krische closer and laid Krische’s head on her lap, stroking Krische’s brow.

“After Krische-sama arrived, Selene-sama became so cheerful that she is like a completely different person. I also enjoy doing many things together everyday and had a lot of fun……this must be what nee-sama meant by fate.”

“……fate.”

“I resent Roland-sama. But thanks to him, nee-sama met master, I met ojou-sama and I also met Krische-sama. That’s why I am very happy now and even if I could redo the past……I would still choose the path that would let me meet Krische-sama.”

Bery’s loving caress moved from Krische’s brow to her cheek.

Bery smile was extremely gentle.

“Krische-sama is a lot more dexterous than me. Most things would be simple for Krische-sama. But I would like for Krische-sama to use that strength for fun things, for happier things.”

“……fun?”

“Yes. Killing someone with a knife might make you feel better. But using the same knife to cook is much for fun and a much happier thing right?”

“……yes.”

“At the very least, that is what nee-sama taught me. Thanks to that, I am very happy right now……I wish for Krische-sama to find such happiness too, so I am teaching Krische-sama the same thing. That is all.”

Krische’s eyes wavered as she looked up at Bery.

They wavered uneasily, the eyes of a lost, scared child.

Krische eventually met Bery’s eyes again and asked hesitatingly.

“Bery is not, angry at Krische……?”

“Krische-sama picked up the blade for my sake. I am very happy about that. If as a result of that, Krische-sama does something that someone would be angry about, I am also guilty. At that time, I will atone for it as well.”

“But, Bery did not……”

Bery’s pressed a finger to Krische’s lips.

Her touch was gentle, a mere caress, but it was enough to seal away Krische’s words.

“That is how it is. I have decided to stay with Krische-sama no matter what, so please keep that in mind. I am more stubborn than I look.”

Bery laughed cheerfully and continued.

“But rather than getting scolded together, I would prefer to cook together, drink tea together and rest together like this. If Krische-sama feels the same about me……if meeting me was also fate for Krische-sama, then……”

Bery paused for a moment, shutting her eyes before continuing softly.

“Please……stay with me like this forever.”

Bery’s words made Krische feel vague, uncertain emotions.

Krische does not know what those are.

But no matter what they are, Krische’s answer is set.

Krische embraced Bery, raising herself to sit on Bery’s lap.

Krische pressed her lips to Bery’s to convey her own feelings, then answered happily.

“……Krische also wants to say with Bery, forever.”

They fell silent for a while with Bery just stroking Krische’s pale cheek.

Tearful brown eyes surrounded by long lashes peered into Krische’s eyes and the hand stroking her cheek felt comfortable.

Krische tilted her head at Bery’s silence, but Bery clasped Krische’s cheeks between her hands,

“……nn.”

――and silently replied by slowly pressing her lips to Krische’s.

Bery’s lips gently touched Krische’s, pressed harder, then slowly pulled away reluctantly.

To Krische, it felt like a much longer kiss than usual.

“Ah……”

Bery seemed to come back to her senses and pulled away, her cheeks turning bright red and her eyes wandering.

This is the first time Bery has kissed Krische on the lips.

Krische was a little surprised, but was also delighted and returned the kiss.

Carefully, just like how Bery did it.

Bery’s cheeks grew even redder and her voice was a little shrill when she spoke.

“……it, it is late, shall we sleep?”

“Ehehe, okay, ah, the apple……”

“Y, yes. I forgot, we have to eat it first.”

“Krische will feed Bery. Here, aahn.”

“Er……o, okay, aaahn.”

The sound of a door slamming came from the balcony and they turned.

But the balcony door was still open, the sound must have come from Selene’s room.

“Selene?”

Krische tilted her head while Bery scratched her cheek and smiled awkwardly.



* * *



――The next day.

“……Selene, are you okay?”

“Whose fault do you think it is……”

“……?”

They had just finished their breakfast, got dressed and were about to board the carriage――Selene glared at Krische as she sniffled.

She had caught a cold after being standing in the cold night wind for an extended period of time last night.

Instinct.

Selene had a vague premonition.

Bogan had also met Roland and had spoken to Bery, concerned about her.

At that time, Selene’s thoughts were that this confirms that something had happened in the past.

It was a coincidence that the unpleasant merchant――Roland had paid a visit to this estate.

But then Bogan mentioned that Roland is staying at a nearby inn.

――Krische had been concerned about Bery this whole time, but she had looked at Bogan then.

She had been expressionless as per usual.

But for some reason, this caught Selene’s attention.

Krische’s mood shows surprisingly easily.

When they were looking around the market, the corners of her mouth were relaxed and she looked happy.

After they came back, she had grown more and more expressionless.

Since Krische was concerned over Bery’s unusual behaviour, it is natural that her good mood would dissipate since she is worried about Bery.

But even so, Selene felt uneasy.

If there is a need, Krische would not hesitate to kill.

Krische is attached to Bery. To a precarious extent.

She would not forgive anything that saddens Bery.

If she does not forgive, what would she do?

Selene could not believe that Krische would not do it.

The sight of Krische killing the most people on the battlefield was burnt into her eyes.

Selene also knows how simple Krische is.

This might be overthinking.

But even as she thought that, Selene stood at the balcony connecting her room to the next.

Selene had been standing on the balcony.

――the cold balcony exposed to the night wind.

After Bery woke up and the two started talking, Selene could not return to her room. So she could only endure it and stand there listening to their conversation.

She had returned to her room after hearing Bery convince Krische, but this had resulted in catching a cold.

People like Selene who have strong mana are tougher than normal people but that does not mean they cannot catch colds.

Going out in her sleepwear with only a blanket draped over her shoulders was also part of the problem.

But it was just instinct and she was not sure.

Since it would be weird to get dressed for a hunch, in a sense it was inevitable that she ended up standing there in that outfit.

She could have returned to her room when it got too cold, but Selene is part of the army.

She is so overly serious that she applied the rule of not leaving your post without a replacement to this situation and it led to this.

Since her bad premonition had come true, it was not a waste――is what Selene tried to convince herself, but since Bery solved everything, Selene did not do anything and felt like she lost out.

Selene sniffed disgruntledly.

“How about resting in the carriage? I can ride a horse with Krische-sama.”

“My cold is not that bad. And at times like this, its better to breathe the outside air than be cooped up somewhere cramped.”

Bery’s brow was creased in worry, but Selene replied in a sulking tone.

Gallen had been watching them and interjected.

“……but you need to participate in a ceremony. Don’t be stubborn. You can ride on the luggage cart.”

“Err, but, Gallen-sama. I appreciate your concern, but that would look too……”

“Just hang a curtain. A soldier’s treasure is their own body, whether you are a commander or common soldier. Didn’t Bogan teach you that?”

“……yes.”

Selene blushed.

Bery glanced towards the luggage cart and got an idea.

“Then how about the three of us ride together? The luggage area is quite empty and we should not need to worry about transmission if we leave a gap for wind. We can also watch over her.”

“Uuu……”

The luggage cart has some luggage, but it is meant to carry the valuables they will be rewarded on the trip back, so there is plenty of space.

The three of them can fit with no problem.



* * *



Bery and the soldiers quickly set up a curtain with Krische helping, then laid out a large amount of blankets at Krische’s request.

Krische happily hugged Selene from behind while Bery watched them with a smile.

“……thank you very much, ojou-sama.”

“I did not do anything you need to thank me for.”

It was weirdly infuriating when the two of them had started flirting after their conversation, so Selene had slammed the door loudly enough for them to hear, but she glossed over that.

Part of it is because she is sulking, but it is also because she had heard Bery’s story.

“There’s no need to take care of me anymore……you should focus on taking care of Krische.”

Bery’s eyes widened, then lowered

“……okay. I am sorry for overstepping my bounds.”

“I am grateful too.”

Selene spoke without looking at Bery.

“……okaa-sama’s wish came true.”

“Eh?”

“Right here……I got a stupid, empty-headed, idiotic and troublesome sister. So neither of us are able to focus on ourselves. Is this fate too?”

“Yes, it must be. I believe it is.”

Bery stroked Krische’s head as Krische puffed out her cheeks.

“Krische is not stupid.”

“……you are the only one that thinks that.”

“Ihyai”

Selene pinched Krische’s cheek without even looking back. Bery laughed softly as she stopped Selene.

And their journey continued.

-End-



* * *



I said Bery was going all-out. But apparently there is PLUS ULTRA





U.E. C.31: The Capital of Delusions


――The capital, Albernaria

The Alberan Kingdom began as a small tribe in the forest.

Compared to other tribes, they were very skilled with their hands and proficient at construction.

In an age when strength was everything, they built walls and fortresses. They were not particularly skilled at fighting, but they used wisdom to make up for their military strength and took in the surrounding tribes.

They grew even more powerful after obtaining the ash from the southwest mountains.

This ash was discovered by accident and they found out that when it clumps together, it becomes very durable. They researched into it and understood how it worked, developing Forged Stone. They used this to build strongholds and walls, creating many fortresses and fortified cities.

There was no longer anyone in the vicinity that could match them.

The king declared himself the descendent of god――Alberan, and built the capital Albernaria at the center of the kingdom, making it the foundation of the Kingdom’s power.

The capital is the symbol of the King’s power.

Albernaria is surrounded by tall walls made of Forged Stone, the castle and houses within are all built with Forged Stone as well.

This beautiful white city stands in the middle of a plain, glittering in the sunlight.

Because of its appearance, Albernaria is known as the White City.

They passed through the town sprawling outside the walls and entered through the huge gates.

Krische stared blankly at all the houses made of Forged Stone, it all seems very sturdy.

No other city is built with so much Forged Stone.

Wood and clay walls are easier to build and are cheaper. The wealthy and artisans that work with fire live in houses built of brick and Forged Stone, so it is not unusual, but it is rare to see so much of it.

This city seems difficult to burn, Krische observed as she stared at the colorful roofs despite the name of White City.

Compared to the crowds of merchants outside the walls, it became quiet once through the gates and the pedestrians are all well-dressed.

After passing through the city and a district of large estates, they arrived at the castle gates which are on higher grounds.

Beyond this point is royal land.

Even nobles cannot step through these castle gates without permission.

Their guards, excluding the coachman, also cannot follow.

Inside the gates was a large garden. Water had been drawn in from a nearby river to create a small river flowing through the garden.

The garden is designed to be vibrant with fountains here and there.

The few people present, clearly nobles, straightened upon seeing them and placed the palm of their right hand to their left chest.

The military salute meaning, I offer my life to you.

Selene and Gallen replied with the same salute while Bogan replied by making a gesture as if stabbing at his heart with his right thumb.

That is a replying salute made by superiors meaning, your loyalty will be my flesh and blood.

General――the only higher rank than that is the general of the army, which belongs to the royal prince. So Bogan is higher ranked than any of the nobles here.

Krische stared at the scenery outside the carriage’s small window while Bery adjusted Krische’s attire until the carriage came to a stop.

They did not stop at the towering white palace, but at a small estate.

This estate is for them to store their luggage and prepare themselves.

This is a temporary measure and they will be granted one of the estates outside the castle walls later.

“Fufu, perfect. Come, let’s go out.”

“Okay.”

Bery looked over Krische and smiled in satisfaction, then stepped out of the carriage.

She then turned to offer a hand to help Krische down.

She is being more careful with her actions because they are being watched by other nobles.

There are always people that will spread malicious rumours about the slightest mistake.

Bery is acting more like a servant than usual as she guided Krische in order to avoid such rumours.

Krische is also acting more proper than usual.

She placed her hand in Bery’s and stood straight.

Since she had studied before they departed, she acted more like a noble than most nobles.

A dozen servants and an elderly man in a black suit stood in front of the doors with their heads bowed.

The elderly man――the butler raised his head and smiled as he saw Bogan.

“Welcome, Margrave Christand. I am Orzal, I am in charge of the Erune Estate. We are the servants that will be taking care of your every need and will ensure that your stay is pleasant.”

The king’s brothers and other direct relatives are archdukes.

More distant relatives would be dukes.

Below duke is margrave, meaning Bogan has the highest rank among normal nobles.

Unless there are exceptional circumstances, generals that guard the Kingdom’s borders usually hold the rank of margrave.

Below that is earl, baron, then knight.

These ranks are remnants from a time when feudal lords existed and wielded great power, but now they are ranks granted to represent the lands under a noble’s charge and their duties.

“……stay? We are staying here? Not an estate outside?”

“Yes, that is what I have heard. Please excuse me.”

Orzal drew closer to Bogan and whispered something to him.

Bogan nodded with a look of understanding.

“Understood. We will be in your care then. I will be going around to make my greetings later.”

“Yes sir. If you could tell me who you plan to meet, I could check their availability.”

As the two of them talked, a young servant with her black hair gathered in a bun at the back of her head and dressed in an apron dress approached Krische and Bery

“Let me carry those, Argan-sama.”

She took their luggage from Bery and bowed her head, addressing Bery by her family name though Bery had not yet introduced herself.

“Thank you very much. We will be in your care.”

Bery also made a small bow in reply, impressed that they are aware of the identity of the guests’ servants.

Servants are generally the daughters of nobles or wealthy families under a live-in apprenticeship.

In order to avoid assassins and spies, the servants of nobles must have proper backgrounds.

Commoners cannot be hired as servants and it is the norm for lower ranking nobles to entrust their daughters to higher ranking nobles as servants under a live-in apprenticeship.

This is partly for their daughters to learn etiquette but there is also the calculation of possibly becoming mistresses or even wives.

Marriage is a connection between houses and higher-ranking nobles hardly ever wed lower-ranking nobles. But they might develop feelings for their servants and good-looking servants could catch the eyes of higher-ranking nobles.

Such connections lead to success in life, so lower-ranking nobles willingly entrust their daughters to higher-ranking nobles and there is no shortage of servants――this is a system that has developed over time.

Servants working on royal land which is often visited by higher ranking nobles are also naturally of higher rank, so most would be higher ranking than Bery, whose family’s rank is baron. But the servants of guests are treated as of higher rank.

Although Bery knew about this, she was honestly surprised that they are aware of her background.

Bery was impressed by the quality of royal servants――but this is a extremely special case.

Even royal servants do not normally check up on the servants of guests.

Some nobles would bring more than a dozen servants.

Finding out about all of them would take a lot of effort and even if they did, it would be impossible to differentiate between similarly dressed servants that they had never met.

But this time is different.

The servants working on royal land knows the rumours of various nobles.

――Bogan had lost his wife, so naturally there were nobles that offered their daughters to work under him.

A rank that has been earned is hardly ever lost, so although Christand is a new margrave, he is a good target for marriage.

But Bogan turned them all down.

Bogan did not want to keep a mistress, a rare thing in this age.

He had vowed that his wife would be his partner for life and had no intentions of marrying again. Bery is also extremely skilled as a servant so there was no inconvenience.

Bery herself also did not require extra hands and Bogan does not like unnecessary expenditure.

He had no reason to hire new servants and turned down all the offers――but those that did not know his personal circumstances saw things differently.

It is common for margraves to have dozens of servants.

So it is natural for people to assume there is some profound reason for a margrave to stick to only one servant, especially if that servant is the younger sister of his lost wife.

――so it is no wonder that many suspect that Bery is Bogan’s mistress.

It would not be good for appearances to marry his wife’s younger sister right after losing her, so they have not officially wed yet――but that would mean Bery is effectively Mrs Christand.

So it is natural for them to pay extra attention to Bery.

Although the Christand house was originally weak, it is now a margrave.

Nobody thought the master of such a house would only have one daughter, Selene, as the sole successor. It is perfectly normal to assume that he is waiting to marry Bery and have more children.

Although there are female head of houses among nobles, childbirth is life-threatening.

Even after taking a husband, there is the possibility of a stillbirth and the mother passing away from puerperal fever without leaving a child, so sons are normally named as heir.

There is no prejudice against female heirs, but it is not welcomed either.

Because of Bery’s background and position, it is natural to assume she will be the margrave’s next wife.

And considering that Bogan stubbornly refuses to hire any other servants――any other women, Bery’s personality is suspected to be the cause, it is suspected that she is a deeply jealous woman.

Because of these reasons, the servants saw Bery as extremely dangerous.

She is someone they must not be rude or discourteous towards.

But Bery was unaware of their wariness.

Although she has the manners of a noble, Bery’s body was weak and she did not go out as much as her sister, she lacks knowledge of high society.

She had no way of knowing the servants’ image of her and was simply impressed by them, thinking that she has to learn from them.



* * *



The estate they were escorted through was more extravagant than the Christand estate.

Paintings hung on the walls and decorations lined the shelves.

A dazzling chandelier hung in the entranceway――Krische thought about how hard it must be to clean as Bery guided her by the hand to a room on the second floor.

“This will be Krische-sama’s room. Argan-sama’s room is……”

“That can wait. The luggage is Krische-sama’s.”

“Understood.”

The servant girl――Anne glanced at Bery’s luggage, at the many fruits in the basket, as she bowed her head.

She was wondering if they had a special liking for fruits when she realised that Bery had taken Krische’s cloak while she was spacing out.

Even if Bery is a servant, Anne should not let the Margrave’s future wife do that.

She quickly took the folded cloak from Bery and placed it in a laundry basket in the corner of the room.

“Bery’s room, is different?”

“Eh, err……yes, I am a servant so……”

Krische drew closer to Bery and whispered to her. Bery also replied softly.

A girl dressed in a black one-piece dress with silver embroidery, her silky, almost see-through, silver hair framing an adorable fairy-like face, Krische.

Together with a woman with neat shoulder-length red hair and a youthful, but mature beauty, Bery.

Anne blushed as she watched them whisper to each other, their faces close together.

Anne had heard rumors that the two Christand daughters and their servant are especially beautiful.

But they exceeded Anne’s imagination.

Anne knows that she is cute, but she feels ridiculous now, these people are like characters from a fairytale and she can only sigh in admiration.

On top of that, the distance between them felt somewhat immoral.

Anne hastily stopped her wild imagination.

Krische is in her teens.

She is petite and slender, but has grown to have a distinct female charm. There are even girls at her age that have already married and given birth.

Bery is aware of this and is being careful about the distance between them, especially with Krische’s dependence on her.

But their usual habits are showing through.

Even if they stood apart, they are leaning towards each other.

Krische looked as if she was snuggling up to Bery with her hand rested on Bery’s arm.

The young, beautiful lady and her servant――their distance was close enough to make it feel immoral.

Bery believed she was maintaining a proper distance just by standing apart, but they were clearly half a step, no a step too close.

She would have realised this two years ago but by now, her sense of distance between herself and Krische has been numbed.

This could have led to gossip, but Anne stopped herself at the sensible interpretation that they are just very close.

Anne is aware of her own love for stories and overly rich imagination. She convinced herself that she was just imagining it because they were too pretty.

Anne still does not know that many trials await her during their stay due to this part of her personality.

Krische pouted a little and Bery smiled wryly while suggesting that they had some tea.

Anne hastily stepped forward as she saw Bery head towards the teapot.

Anne is a hardworker but is a little slow.

That is one of her many flaws.

“Bl, black tea? Please leave such trivial matters to me.”

“Eh? Ah……okay, sorry for stepping out of line.”

“No, er, it is alright……”

Right after saying that, Anne berated herself, what’s ‘alright’!?

Bery seemed a little surprised, but smiled quietly.

Her smile was elegant, without any contempt and her eyes were filled with kindness.

Her mannerism are smooth and her bow as she stepped out of the way was beautiful.

This alone was enough for Anne to be convinced that Bery is superior as a servant.

Anne had carefully prepared for their arrival today. Everything is perfect.

She had checked the room seven times and changed the hot water every hour.

Anne knows that freshly boiled water is best for bringing out the fragrance of tea leaves.

But when Anne approached the teapot, she heard a bubbling sound.

Steam was gushing out of the spout.

“Oh my, the teapot must have been left on boil.”

“Ah……”

Anne froze.

Bery reached towards the magic crystal and injected mana.

The sound died down as Anne’s face turned red.

Fresh water.

But boiling it too much is taboo.

Anne’s carefully prepared perfection has crumbled already, along with her composure.

Being weak to sudden setbacks is another one of her flaws that she is well aware of.

“I, I will change the water……”

“Eh? No, there’s no need.”

“It, it is alright.”

What’s ‘alright’!?

Anne was berating herself again when she realised Bery was staring at her and froze again.

Anne could only stare back.

Bery’s hair is casually parted in a 7:3 ratio.

But her red hair is fine and silky, giving off a impression of cleanliness for some reason.

Her eyebrows are fine and well-shaped, her large, kind eyes are framed by long lashes and double eyelids.

Her nose is elegantly straight and her lips a sakura pink. Her features are pretty and has a somewhat sexual charm.

Part of it is likely due to her womanly figure.

Her breasts are well-shaped and bountiful but her waist is narrow.

Anne had not known that the same apron dress could look so different.

Beautiful, cute, amazing.

Bery’s apron is spotless, as if it is brand new.

Then Bery suddenly smiled.

Anne was once again captivated by that beautiful smile.

“Please do not be so nervous. Krische-sama is not so particular about mannerisms and neither am I. Please act as usual.”

“O, okay……”

After another smile towards the frozen Anne, Bery prepared tea with practiced motions.

Anne was impressed by each of her smooth, fluid motions, everyone of them filled with care.

She had not known that the simple action of brewing tea could be so impressive.

Anne has the strength of being easily impressed. It might also be a flaw.

Bery only prepared the tea then went back to Krische, sitting down next to her on the sofa.

The distance between them really is close.

Krische snuggled even closer to Bery and leaned towards her as she stared at Anne with interest――but still expressionless.

“……what happened?”

“Nothing, she just seemed a little nervous. She is being too careful around us.”

Anne placed the tea that was like a work of art on a tray and slowly approached them.

Even if it was brewed with overboiled water, it is still a work of art.

Anne’s hand trembled as she placed the tea cups on saucers and carefully poured the tea.

Her hand trembled even more as she felt their gazes on her. Krische finally understood that it must be embarrassing to be so clumsy as she watched Anne.

It is embarrassing for anyone to show their inexperience.

Krische recalled how embarrassing it was for Gorka to see her poorly dissected rabbit.

Krsiche was happy to be able to empathise with a stranger and excitedly turned to Bery.

“I got it. She is nervous because she is embarrassed that she’s clumsy.”

“Hii”

The tea splattered a little, a few drops landing in the saucer.

“I, I’m sorry, I’m sorry……”

“K, Krische-sama, you cannnot say that……”

“Er, but, it is embarrassing to be seen when so bad……”

“Stop.”

“umu…..”

Anne was hastily wiping the spilled tea with a cloth when she saw Bery press a finger to Krische’s lips out of the corner of her eye.

This is already a habit for Bery.

Bery stared into Krische’s eyes, their noses almost touching.

“Being told she is bad when she is trying her best will make her even more tense……let’s see, please try imagining being told you are bad when you are testing out a new recipe and it does not work out.”

“……that is, not nice.”

“Yes. Being considerate is very important. Small things like that can hurt people, please be careful.”

“Okay……”

Bery smiled as Krische averted her gaze, stroking Krische’s cheek and tracing her lips with her thumb.

Bery smiled as she traced Krische’s lips, telling Krische she was not angry. Krische nodded and drew closer

This is already beyond the distance where their noses are touching――but since they were not alone, Krische had to draw away as Bery whispered, “Not now” with a troubled look and pulled her hand away.

Anne caught sight of this scene as she was cleaning up.

Were they about to kiss?――Her face grew bright red as she imagined what was mostly the truth.

But she quickly decided that she was imagining things and shook her head.

After so many mistakes, she does not have the time to be daydreaming.

“The tea leaves are Graberas. It has quite a refreshing fragrance compared to the Almarei we usually drink.”

Bery showed no signs of noticing Anne’s expression as she changed the topic.

She was worried about Krische being down after being scolded.

But Krische was relieved that Bery acted as normal and really did not seem angry, Krische took a whiff of the tea and responded.

“Jilian……no, more like Asem.”

“Yes. Unlike Almarei, the fragrance is from the original tea leaves. (T/N: Not sure how to phrase this part better, 香り付けしたアルマレイと違って茶葉の香りがそのまま) In that sense, it is the same as Jilian and Asem, but you are correct. Graberas is related to Asem. It has a more refreshing taste then Asem, so I would recommend it straight or with lemon.”

Anne suddenly realised something as she listened to Bery while pouring the tea.

Anne had been prepared to answer, ‘This is Graberas. It has a refreshing taste so it is recommended to straight or with lemon’ if asked, but she had not prepared lemons.

“Sh, shall I get some lemons?”

“No, not for me……Krische-sama, how about you?”

Krische hesitated as she watched the steam rising from the tea.

Krische wanted to answer the same as Bery, but Krische’s tongue is sensitive.

Extremely sensitive.

Bery saw her dilemma and laughed softly.

She took the honey and added a scoop to her tea, then added even more to Krische’s.

She then slowly mixed them to let the tea cool as she turned to Anne.

“What is the schedule for the day after tomorrow?”

“P, please come to the castle at the forth morning bell.”

A day is twenty four hours, starting from sunrise.

There are large clocks built from magic crystals that can tell the exact time, but in most places, time changes according to the seasons and the time of sunrise.

So instead of saying which hour of the day, such as seventh hour or tenth hour, time is stated as which hour of the morning, or which hour of the afternoon after the sun is at the highest point and which hour of the night after the sun sets.

Since a bell is rang every hour, the forth morning bell indicates the forth hour after sunrise.

“Krische-sama, we will take a bath and start preparing from sunrise on the day after tomorrow. We will need to arrange your hair and prepare many other things, so we will be quite busy.”

“Okay. Krische’s hair needs to be arranged?”

“Yes. Krische-sama’s hair is pretty when let down straight like this but it will also be nice to arrange it properly sometimes. Bery will arrange it nicely for you.”

“……ehehe, okay.”

Krische smiled happily.

It was a pretty smile, beautiful and adorable.

Anne had heard of a fairy-like lady and Krische is just as mysterious and ephemeral as rumored, but when she shows such an expression, she suddenly becomes flesh and blood.

Krische was leaning on Bery――they were in close contact due to Krische gradually edging closer, but at some point, Anne no longer felt anything wrong about it.

The sight of the two of them in the afternoon light is just like a scene from a painting.

“Here, please drink, Krische-sama.”

Bery handed Krische the tea which has cooled to a moderate temperature and Krische took a sip.

Anne could only stare at the two of them in a daze as they smiled at each other.

Getting distracted and forgetting her work is also another one of Anne’s flaws.

-End-





U.E. C.32: Royal Prince


――The Kingdom currently has an ongoing problem.

The King has contracted a mysterious illness and this led to a dispute over the succession of the throne.

This dispute occurred because the king named the eleven year old princess, Kreschenta, his successor instead of the royal prince, Gildanstein, who was originally first in line for the throne.

The royal prince Gildanstein is a perverse person who enjoys toying with slaves and other unethical, obscene entertainment.

The king judged that Gildanstein’s behavior was not suitable to be his successor――to be the the next king of Alberan.

In the Kingdom, the king wields absolute power and the king’s wishes are prioritised above all else.

But that is only on the surface――abuse of authority would be met with resistance and pushing it too far could lead to revolution.

The king’s nomination is normally irreversible, but in reality, if there is a certain number of dissenters, it would be hard to push through with it. And right now, the palace is currently split into the royal prince faction and princess faction.

“I did not expect your highness to meet me in person……”

Bogan knelt on one knee and lowered his head.

A man in his early twenties stood before him.

A handsome young man with backswept blonde hair.

The man removed a resplendently decorated rapier from his waist and laid it on a table, then stripped off the nondescript cloak he was wearing and threw it aside onto the carpet as he sat on the sofa, crossing his legs.

Inside, he was wearing a gold and black jacket with gold ornaments and white pants.

He raised his left arm which was adorned with a gold bracelet and spoke.

“Raise your head, Bogan. I did not come to meet the hero, general Christand. I simply came to speak to an old acquaintance. There is no need for the formalities.”

“……understood. Thank you.”

The man indicated the opposite sofa as Bogan stood up.

This man is the royal prince and first in line for the throne.

Gildanstein Kalnaros Vel Sarcarinea Alberan.

An archduke of the Kingdom and the general of the army――someone much higher ranking than a margrave, than Bogan.

He appears young, but appearances are deceiving for nobles that use mana.

He is in his mid thirties.

The bodies of those with mana usually stay in their prime for a longer period, so it is common for many to only show signs of aging past their forties.

“It’s already been fifteen years since we’ve met in person.”

“Yes, your highness. Since the battle with the Empire.”

“No need for ‘yes your highness’. It’s just the two of us here.”

This is troublesome, Bogan thought as he bowed his head.

Bogan has no interest in the infighting happening in the palace.

He had wanted to join in such things when younger, but that desire has been lost with age.

Bogan does not want to get involved with the palace politics.

“First, let’s celebrate the victory. I brought wine from my secret stash.”

“Yes sir.”

The servants had been told to leave and they are the only ones in the room.

Gildanstein sloppily poured the wine into a glass and slid it over to Bogan.

Gildanstein is infamous but he is an extremely practical person and hates useless formalities.

Though he is royalty, he paid no care to how he poured the wine.

Bogan took the glass and raised it as Gildanstein raised his.

As Gildanstein took a sip, Bogan also sipped.

It seems that the wine really is from Gildanstein’s secret stash, it is a good wine with deep flavour.

“You really are good at war. I did not think you could take a bite out of the Empire in the north in that situation. I was not a mistaken to recommend you as a general.”

“No, it is thanks to my excellent subordinates.”

“Don’t be humble. I’ve seen plenty of your work in the past.”

There was a great war fifteen years ago.

Gildanstein had gathered a large army and attacked the Empire’s western lands.

At that time, Wulfenite was the border between the Kingdom and the Empire, the expanded territory beyond that is due to Gildanstein’s achievements. Despite his poor conduct, Gildanstein is far from incompetent. In fact, he is extremely capable and befitting of royalty.

At that time Bogan was a corps commander and Gildanstein promoted Bogan to general for his achievements in that war.

They talked for a while about the recent war.

It seems Gildanstein had already obtained a certain amount of information and knew how the situation developed so well it is like he was on the battlefield.

Gildanstein’s information network extends deep within other countries.

It is terrifying how he knows what would normally be impossible for him to find out, but Bogan also knows that Gildanstein would only use that information for one purpose.

Gildanstein is an unparalleled battle junkie――he simply values Bogan highly as a soldier.

Gildanstein has an almost childish desire for battlefield stories and regardless of his other aspects, Bogan likes this part of him.

Gildanstein is infamous and the rumors are likely true, but when interacting with him in person, Bogan could not bring himself to dislike Gildanstein.

“――But still, the two beautiful princesses? The rumors have reached the palace. Seems like they’re quite amazing.”

“Thank you. I can confidently say that both of them are more talented than I am. One day, they will definitely become new pillars of support for the Kingdom.”

“To that extent? Well, if you say so it’s probably true.”

Gildanstein chuckled as he stared at his wine.

“I’m sorry. The capital was quite slow because of the quarreling. I know the burden on you and Garkha was quite heavy……too many people are against me leading the central army right now.”

The conflict over the throne.

If Gildanstein, the leader of one faction has control of the army, he could easily seize the throne by force.

It is an obvious concern and in the end, the neutral western general, Hilkintos, lead the central army.

The central general is also deeply involved in the Kingdom’s politics and could not be used for the same reason as Gildanstein. So it took time for Hilkintos to arrive and get the army in order――the struggle on the frontlines is simply due to politics.

If Gildanstein could have lead the central army to the war immediately, Wulfenite would not have fallen.

With the time Bogan has spent on the battlefield, he could not help but detest the world of politics.

“Well, leave that aside for now. I have something to tell you that will affect how you act in the future.”

“……how I act?”

“It’s about Kreschenta.”

Gildanstein grinned.

“I don’t know what you’ve heard. Probably something along the lines of my brother not liking the idea of me inheriting the throne because of my bad conduct and so he nominated Kreschenta. Well, I won’t deny that, it’s the truth.”

Gildanstein swirled the wine in the glass as he spoke, still grinning.

“I did not mind that at first.”

“Does that mean……you did not want to throne?”

“Yeah, I didn’t. I’ll not defend myself. It’s the truth that I enjoy such entertainment. I also went too far when I was young. They say I’ve settled down recently, but that’s only because I’ve done everything and gotten sick of it. My nature has not changed.”

Bogan did not show any emotion, but his expression was slightly stiff.

Gildanstein laughed humourously as he saw that.

“Archduke of the Kingdom, I’m quite alright with that rank. It’s not like there’s anything I can’t do if I wanted to with that rank. In fact, the throne is just worse since I’ll have to do a bunch of pointless chores. I like war, but I hate political fighting. I don’t have any problems with handing over the throne to someone else.”

Gildanstein drained his glass and poured more wine, then continued speaking as he swirled the glass.

“But the problem is that someone. You should’ve seen Kreschenta before. What did you think?”

“……a young, but intelligent and beautiful person.”

A beautiful princess with shiny strawberry blonde hair――a fairy-like princess.

Bogan had only seen her at a distance and never spoke to her directly, but he clearly remembers the way she carried herself in a confident, but refined manner.

The last time he had seen her, she was nine――

“Wonderful. Exactly that, intelligent and beautiful. A gentle and kind person, slightly tomboyish but still elegant――as if born to be a queen. But my concern is that that thing is a monster.”

“……what does that mean?”

“Exactly what I said, Bogan. You must’ve heard the rumours of me making slaves kill each other for no reason, of me confining a noble’s daughter then casting her aside. It is the truth that I have played around by toying with people. But it’s because I’ve played like this, I know humans well…..and I know a monster when I see one.”

Gildanstein ran a finger along the table, drawing an invisible line.

“The royal family has a long history. It almost went extinct, then revived many times. Many wise and many foolish rulers have been born. But this long history is built upon a tradition. Any child that behaves abnormally from birth is to be killed, for it is a cursed child……Kreschenta was supposed to be one of those children.”

“Cursed child……”

“An absurd royal tradition. I think it is ridiculous but my brother is stubborn. He tried to follow that tradition…… my brother had problems with infertility, so when the first child was finally born, he took quite a while to make the decision……but in the end he banished it and had it killed in secret.”

Bogan frowned.

“The concubine that gave birth to it was a particular favourite of my brother’s, so those steps were necessary. Either way, she never met her daughter after giving birth to her and the daughter was effectively imprisoned after that, so she was probably happier that way.”

“……what?”

“Then the second child was born soon after that. And it was another cursed child.”

“Er, can cursed children, be identified at a glance……?”

Bogan had also struggled with infertility and could no longer endure the question.

“A baby that does not cry. Though I believe it’s up to the baby to cry or stay quiet.”

“A baby that does not cry……”

“But it was an unfounded concern and that baby was brought up as the princess…… kuku, it would be better to say that it immediately learned to cry.”

Gildanstein was smiling, but his eyes were not.

“The concubine died of puerperal fever after hearing that she had given birth to another cursed child. It must have been too much after what happened to her previous daughter. My brother grieved and asked many times if it really was a cursed child. The servants did their best to make the cursed child cry……in the end, the cursed child learnt to cry and survived.”

“I went to see it once to celebrate the birth”, Gildanstein continued.

“It was just like any other baby. It threw tantrums and cried. I was disappointed since I had heard that it was a cursed child, but it seemed like a perfectly normal baby. But something weighed on my mind……the eyes were different.”

“Eyes?”

“An act, Bogan. That thing was able to act when it was a baby. Though at that time I only felt that something was off, it was quite a while before I realised it.”

“It’s the ideal princess”, Gildanstein said, still grinning.

“It makes selfish demands occasionally, loves flowers, reads books, admires fairytales. It does not excel in any particular field, but is not poor at anything either. But this is all its act. That thing is smarter and sees things more clearly than anyone else. It knows how others see it. It is simply acting in accordance to what others’ wish for.”

“With all due respect, but……”

“It’s not my imagination. I can tell. All of my brother’s children born after that have died. The cause of death varies, but there have also been other suspicious deaths in the palace and I was almost killed too.”

“……your highness was?”

“Surprised right?”

Gildanstein’s mouth was still twisted in a grin, but his eyes were dead serious.

“I do not sleep with women. If I did, they could kill me in my sleep.”

He said that casually.

“……that day, something had put me in a good mood and I called for a woman. I was in the mood to break out my special wine, but when we got to my room, that wine and a glass was already prepared. There were even fruits and a sharpened knife and I was thinking about praising the considerate servant who prepared these later……but that day, I fell asleep next to that woman for some reason.”

“……?”

“There must have been sleeping drugs mixed in the wine or in the glass. The sharpened knife was for the woman to kill me. It was definitely a situation where the woman could have easily killed me if she wanted to.”

Gildanstein’s eyes narrowed as he recalled that night.

The smile had disappeared from his face.

“I was not killed only because on that day, I happened to call a woman I treated normally. If I had called for another woman, I would definitely be dead……I am very well aware of how much I am hated.”

Bogan stroked his chin, thinking for a moment.

“But, just because of that……?”

“That is enough. All servants said they did not prepare those things. Kreschenta also happened to be staying in that building to recover from some flu……I had a premonition, I asked around and found out that Kreschenta had apparently demanded wine earlier that day, so the servants had guided it to my wine cellar. They even pointed out which wines were part of my prized collection so that it would not drink those.”

The royal prince stared at his wine as he spoke.

“……that was when it clicked. That was when I realised that was how Kreschenta had been getting things to work in its favour. It never showed any signs of it, using methods where it would never be suspected and removed everything in between her and the throne.”

Gildanstein traced the rim of the wine bottle.

“My brother’s illness is probably Kreschenta’s doing too. They say its an unknown illness but he’s been poisoned. Nobody suspects Kreschenta. My brother dotes on that thing, as do the fools around them. They haven’t noticed a thing.”

“……but.”

“Well, you won’t believe it just cause I said it. That’s the kind of person you are. I simply told you this as thanks for what you did in the war. It’s a reward.”

“Like I said, this is for you to think about how you act in the future”, Gildanstein continued as he watched Bogan’s dubious expression.

“I’m not saying to join me. You are a man that we need to keep fighting for the Kingdom for much longer. I just want to tell you not to get involved in the political strife happening in the palace.”

Bogan is not the type to get involved.

So why did Gildanstein tell Bogan this?――Bogan did not know.

“I……simply think of myself as a sword.”

“That’s fine. In fact, although it’s true that thing is abnormal, it might also become an extraordinary ruler. In that case, I would stay the same as now and you would still be the Kingdom’s sword. Even if I won, it would be the same.”

There was no sign of malice in Gildanstein’s grin.

But then his refined features turned serious as he looked Bogan in the eye.

“……you cannot be replaced even with your weight in gold. As long as I live, I can’t have you losing your life in such pointless squabbles, remember this.”

“……thank you.”

Gildanstain brought the glass to his lips and drained it.

He did not pour a new glass.

Bogan also finished his wine. This is the signal that their talk is done.

Gildanstein prepared to leave immediately.

That is the kind of man he is, quick and efficient.

Bogan felt that this is this man’s strength.

“Be very careful. Kreschenta is merciless if you get in its way. Whether you believe me or not, remember what I said……do not be fooled by appearances.”

“I am grateful for your warning.”

Bogan stood and bowed his head deeply.

Gildanstein waved a hand and picked up his cloak.

Bogan took the lead and opened the door, escorting Gildanstein down the hallway towards the entranceway.

That was when they heard voices.

“That was good hot water, Krische-sama.”

“Yes, very nice.”

Krische and Bery came up the stairs, snuggled close together.

Their thin negligees were hidden under blankets wrapped around their bodies.

They caught sight of Bogan and Gildanstein and stepped to one side, bowing their heads.

Bogan was impressed by their synchronised movements while Gildanstein enjoyed the glimpse of Bery’s chest from under the blanket――then his eyes landed on Krische.

“My adopted daughter Krische and servant Bery.”

“I see, raise your heads.”

The two did as they were told and raised their heads.

Although Gildanstein had been lusting over Bery’s cleavage before, he now stared at Krische.

Krische stared back with a curious look.

“……adopted? Bogan, where was she from?”

“Karka, a village in the north.”

Gildanstein’s brow furrowed as he seemed to think for a moment.

Krische glanced up at Bery, wanting to quickly return to their room, but then turned as she heard noisy footsteps.

A servant with black hair in a bun trotted over from the bath on the first floor, it was Anne.

――Anne has not been able to do her job as a servant at all.

This time, she had raised her spirits and followed them into the bath to help them bathe, but Bery had taken care of everything for Krische.

So she thought to help Bery, but then Krische was stuck to Bery and started washing Bery――there was no chance for Anne to step in.

They had finished washing themselves as Anne was still at a loss.

Then Bery had shyly recommended that Anne also relax and bathe.

So Anne also washed herself, but she was late.

The two were stepping out of the bath by the time Anne finished washing herself, but Krische said that her body would not be properly warmed up if she did not enjoy the hot water, so Anne had to stay in the bath.

Anne had breathed a sigh and relaxed, blushing as she recalled how they had looked like they were flirting (they were) as they washed each other. She completely forgot her job and enjoyed the bath. By the time she remembered and hurriedly got out, the two of them had already gotten dressed.

Bery smiled wryly and told Anne not to rush, but Anne is a serious worker.

She hastily put on her apron dress and rushed out with her hair still dripping.

“I, I will prepare tea, ow.”

――and she tripped dramatically.

The four watching her froze.

Anne quickly bounced back onto her feet and bowed her head, shouting an apology.

Bery smiled wryly while Krische also showed a soft smile as she looked at Bery.

Was it my imagination? Gildanstein muttered when he saw Krische’s expression.

“They’re as beautiful as I’ve heard. It’s a shame they’re your daughter and servant.”

“……you jest.”

Bery stiffened a little and Krische frowned.

Gildanstein laughed, enjoying their reactions.

“Loyalty cannot be bought with money. It was just a joke. Don’t take it seriously.”

“……yes sir.”

“I’ll be leaving, Bogan. I look forward to seeing your other daughter at the ceremony.”

Gildanstein glanced at the dazed Anne as he walked by and said to Bogan at his side.

“She seems dumb, say it if you don’t like the servants here, replacements will be sent immediately.”

Anne froze.

-End-



* * *



R.I.P. Anne.





U.E. C.33: Feigned Illness ~Servant Anne Might Have Seen Something~


The day after the Christands arrived, Anne’s colleague who was supposed to be in charge of Bery called out to Anne.

“Anne, has Argan-sama been with Krische-sama the entire time?”

“Eh, ah, yes. Er, She is taking care of Krische-sama since Krische-sama seems to have a bit of a fever. She seemed to be tired from the long journey…….”

Anne recalled yesterday’s happenings and blushed as she explained――



* * *



They had enjoyed tea after their bath and it was the time when they would usually go to bed.

But Krische refused to let go of Bery.

Krische wanted to stay with Bery, so she asked about the identity of the person just now, about how many people will come to the ceremony, questions about things she had not cared about just to keep Bery there.

Krische believed she was being subtle.

Anne was desperate to make up for the failure of tripping in front of a guest.

This along with her overly serious attitude prevented Anne from realising, but of course Bery could see through Krische’s intentions and that made it hard for Bery to leave.

Krische snuggled up to Bery, enduring her sleepiness while Bery glanced towards Anne with a slightly troubled expression.

Anne was doing her best to ignore their actions, just doing her job seriously and answering questions that were not even asked.

Anne could not afford to make any more mistakes and was too tense to fantasise about them even though they were clearly too close to each other.

Bery thought about what to do as she watched Anne――at this rate, she would not be able to leave until Krische could no longer endure it and dozes off, Anne would also remain tense and cannot rest until then.

Bery came up with a plan and placed a hand on Krische’s forehead.

“I……I was thinking but……Krische-sama, is a little feverish.”

“Eh?”

Krische tilted her head in confusion, she had not felt anything off about her body except her sleepiness.

Bery quickly whispered to her, “Work with me.”

Krische nodded.

“Krische might be a little feverish.”

“Feverish?”

“Eh, er, yes, we just had a long journey in tthe carriage and Krische-sama, er, her body is not very strong so……”

Bery lied to the serious Anne.

Bery is confident in her acting, but she is not used to lying.

And this is for the sake of sleeping together with Krische, a completely selfish reason, so the shame and nervousness made her falter a little.

Her expression was worried, but her eyes were wandering and her cheeks were slightly flushed.

“Th, that is not good, I, I will call for a doctor……”

“It, it is okay, th, this is, this is normal……in fact, it would be worse to make a big deal of it, so……”

“Er, okay, this is, normal……?”

Anne panicked a little and Bery also responded in a panic.

Krische was doing her best to match Bery, but she did not know Bery’s intentions and was not acting at all, not that the other two were in any state to notice.

Anne’s rich imagination helped her understand Krische’s circumstances.

Having a weak constitution is not good for noble women who have to give birth to heirs.

Such a reputation would limit marriage options.

Krische is slender and her skin is pale, now that Anne looked at her that way, she does look like a sickly sheltered lady.

This might also be why her mental age seems a little young.

She must have grown up spending most of her time indoors.

But because she is part of a military family, she desperately trained and desperately fought on the battlefield with her young and weak body, shaving away at her own life to achieve those feats――Anne’s eyes teared up.

“Today, er……I will be resting here to take care of her……”

“Okay, understood……”

Bery sticking so close to her is also probably because she is worried about her ojou-sama pushing herself too far with her weak body.

There was something about the way they washed each other in the bath that is hard to put into words.

The sight of two young, beautiful women naked and washing each other felt immoral and made Anne imagine a relationship beyond just a lady and her servant. Especially with how they naturally sat shoulder to shoulder in the bath, their heads close together as they whispered to each other.

――But, but, this is all because of Krische’s weak constitution.

This would also explain why Bery spends all her time with Krische instead of the actual daughter, Selene.

While her respect for Bery as a model servant grew, Anne also wanted to punch herself for having such shameful fantasies.

“Come, Krische-sama, it is time for bed……”

“Okay……”

Krische finally understood Bery’s intentions and buried her face in Bery’s chest, hiding her smile, as Bery lifted Krische in her arms.

Krische is in high spirits with no sign of illness, but Anne could not see this.

Instead Anne thought that Krische must feel unwell often as she watched Bery carry Krische with practiced motions.

Anne absentmindedly wondered when the last time she had been carried like that while bowing, deeply impressed by the strong and healthy (from Anne’s perspective) bond between them.

“If you need anything, please pull the cord by the bed. It is connected to a bell in my room.”

“Th, thank you very much……”

Bery was confused by Anne’s sudden brisk movements, but stopped herself from saying too much as she lowered Krische onto the bed.

Bery got onto the bed too as Krische happily pulled on Bery’s hand, her cheeks reddening.

As for Anne,

“Erm, er……I really respect you. Good night……!”

She quickly left the room after saying that and extinguishing the lights.

How did that conversation lead to respect?

Bery tilted her head in confusion, but turned to Krische for now.

Bery tried to look angry, but quickly gave up as Krische happily hugged her.

Bery is soft on Krische.

And when Krische depends on her, Bery cannot bring herself to be strict and becomes even softer on Krische.

“Th, this is only for today……”

“Ehehe……love you, Bery.”

Chu, Krische pressed her lips to Bery’s, making Bery blush and wonder if she herself just wanted to sleep together with Krische as she also embraced Krische.

Any resistance to kissing is already long gone.

“Tomorrow, er……Krische might be, feverish, again……”

“Uuu……”

Krische stared up at Bery with begging, expectant eyes.

Bery knows she is too soft on Krische, but it is already too late.

“Bery? Nmu……”

Bery shook off her weird thoughts and sealed Krische’s lips, then embarrassedly replied good night.



* * *



――Anne explained concisely without the fantasies.

Her colleague nodded in understanding after hearing Anne’s explanation.

“I see. Well, she certainly does not look to be very healthy……but still, if I could get that beauty for the price of a healthy body, I would also――”

“That’s rude! You should not say that even as a joke.”

“I, I know……don’t shout so early in the morning. Then I will be going to help out in the kitchen, they will be together today too right?”

“Yes, I will take good care of the two of them.”

“……will you be alright? Well, just don’t make any mistakes in my place.”

Anne’s colleague waved a hand as she descended to the first floor. Anne took a deep breath and stood in front of the door.

She must show a new self today.

She is different from yesterday.

Today, Anne is reborn.

Anne prepared herself mentally and quietly opened the door.

“Fufu, it is morning, Krische-sama.”

“Nn……good, morning.”

It looks like Bery has just woke Krische.

Seems like Bery had not gotten dressed yet because Krische is still clinging to Bery.

Bery is dressed in a negligee and sitting up with her back towards Anne, so only the upper half of her womanly figure was visible to Anne.

But the curve of her hip is sexy and Anne could also see Krische’s hand cling to Bery’s back as she pulled herself up.

Then Anne froze. In one natural motion, it looked like their faces had overlapped.

“……come on. Krische-sama really is bad at getting up. Are you really awake?”

“Krische is okay……”

Bery was acting much too normal for someone who has just been kissed.

Krische’s voice is also really sleepy.

Their natural atmosphere made Anne come to her own conclusion.

――Bery must have been taking a closer look at Krische’s face.

Bery was just looking at her face to check how she is feeling.

Anne had just vowed to be reborn just now, what is she thinking of now.

Anne shook her head and berated herself.

And since they are awake, it is rude to enter without knocking.

With that thought, Anne shut the door as carefully as she had opened it.

Krische’s sharp senses noticed Anne closing the door, she had also been aware that they had not been alone, but she feigned ignorance since Bery had not noticed.

Krische generally obeys rules, but the rule here is a vague one that they must be alone together.

Krische interpreted the rule in a convenient way, ‘Anne had not entered the room so they were alone together in the room’, so that kiss was safe.

Krische knows the correct meaning behind Bery’s rule of being alone together――basically, they must not be seen by others, but this is a grey zone.

Krische is a creature that uses her great intelligence to fulfill her basic desires, she would usually choose to interpret things in a way convenient for her.

And Krische likes kissing, Bery also likes kissing.

Krische also has the perfect, to Krische, argument to back herself up, ‘the ideal relationship is one where they make each other happy’, these are the words of Bery and Grace.

“……Bery, today……er, ta, take care of me again.”

“Oh, but Krische-sama seems veeery, lively today.”

“Eh……?”

Krische froze, feeling like the ladder had suddenly been pulled out from under her, but Bery laughed gently.

“But Krische-sama works too hard. If Krische-sama gets dressed and does your best to keep your promise today, Krische-sama might get a fever again from working too hard.”

“……th, then, Krische, will try her best.”

“Yes. Please do your best.”

Bery smiled and kissed her brow.



* * *



Ignorant of their interaction, Anne headed to the kitchen to prepare tea.

She was praised by her colleague in the kitchen for her forward-thinking as she carried the teapot on a tray and went to knock on their door.

A gentle voice granted permission and when Anne opened the door, she saw Bery just about to head to the teapot to brew tea.

They had already gotten dressed. Bery stopped as she saw Anne and bowed her head.

“Thank you very much, Anne-sama.”

“No need to thank me, please, have a seat.”

Bery’s mannerisms seems more beautiful the more Anne watches her, even how she sits is beautiful.

Krische also sat on the same sofa, her condition seems to be a lot better today.

“Do you feel better now?”

Anne smiled as she asked, but it seemed like Krische stiffened for an instant.

Bery smiled wryly and answered.

“A little. Let’s see……er, for now, I will stay with her during our stay just in case.”

For some reason, Bery’s smile towards Krische looked impish.

But it was also a strangely sweet smile that made Anne want to sigh.

“It would be bad if her condition worsens again…… right, Krische-sama?”

“Yes……”

Krische was lightly holding onto Bery’s sleeve and seemed to be hiding her face as she answered, but her face seemed to be a little red. She might be feeling ashamed about her weak body.

Anne interpreted it positively and thought that Krische is an admirable and earnest person.

They then talked a little until it was time for breakfast.

Anne was guiding them to the dining hall when a beautiful blonde girl――Selene stepped out of her room.

“Good morning, Selene-sama.”

“Morning. Bery and Krische too. Did you sleep well?”

As Selene stopped, Anne’s colleague attached to Selene signaled to Anne with her eyes to take care of this, then headed towards the dining hall first.

Krische and Bery also greeted Selene and nodded.

Selene is a girl who exemplifies what a noble is.

Refined, beautiful, but not unpleasant.

I can never become like her, thought Anne, then remembered that she should inform Selene.

“Last night, Krische-sama was not feeling well……”

“Huh? Krische?”

Selene looked at Krische.

Krische’s eyes wandered.

Selene frowned and looked at Bery.

Bery averted her eyes.

Krische and Bery’s expression seemed a little stiff.

Selene’s expression looked angry for an instant, but it quickly became a nice smile when Anne’s gaze turned towards her.

Her eyes did not look like they were smiling, but it might be Anne’s imagination.

“Bery, did you take good care of Krische?”

“Y, yes……ojou-sama.”

“Just in case, Bery-sama will be watching over Krische-sama during their stay.”

Anne has the flaw of not being able to pick up on the mood and added onto Bery’s words.

Selene’s smile grew deeper.

Like a wolf baring its fangs.

“I see……yeah, her health is important. Krische works too hard――and is, very, bad at, depending on others, right……? Bery, having you, take very, proper care, of her, is really, a great help. You are a great servant.”

“A, ahaha……”

Selene slowly drew closer as she spoke but Bery avoided her eyes.

At this point, even Anne felt that something was off. The atmosphere is extremely thorny.

Selene twisted around and cocked her head as she turned her gaze to Krische.

“But, Krische. We are not at home, falling ill and having to be taken care of when we are outside is very embarrassing. Bery is reeaaly, extremely, helplessly kind, so she will spoil you but……do you understand what I mean?”

“E, er……”

“Oh my, you really do not seem to be feeling well. Let me take a good look at your face.”

“Uuu……”

Selene placed her hands on Krische’s cheeks and pulled.

Rather than checking on her, it looked more like she was pulling Krische’s cheeks.

No, not looks like. She is clearly pulling on Krische’s cheeks.

“Poor thing, it must have been so painful that you could not bear it. You promised me that you would behave like a proper lady here, but it was so bad that you had to break that promise the instant we arrived?”

“Fue, fuerere……ihyai……”

“Oh my, it hurts? My heart also aches hearing that Krische was feeling unwell. Come on, tell me. Did I ask for something that difficult? You could not endure it for just two, three days?”

“I, I’m showwy……”

Krische’s snow white cheek was being stretched to its limit by Selene.

Anne quickly stepped in to stop Selene, Krische looks like she was about to burst into tears at any moment.

“Se, Selene-sama……th, that should be enough……”

“Ah, that was embarrassing. I’m sorry. Could you go ahead and tell them we will be slightly late for breakfast?”

Her tone did not allow any objection.

She was smiling but her eyes were not.

Terrified, Anne could only say “Understood.” and watch as Selene grabbed Bery and Krische’s hands and drag them into her room, still smiling.

Then in contrast with that smile, the door slammed shut violently.

Anne could only wonder what was going on, but she has work to do.

Anne turned away from the door and headed towards the stairs when,

‘You idiots! Can’t you just endure it a little! Bery you too! Didn’t you also agree that just spoiling this child is not good for her!? Don’t you know that each and everyone of your actions affects otou-sama’s reputation――’

Anne jumped as she heard Selene shouting at them.

A sickly younger sister and her kind servant.

And a responsible but strict older sister that scolds them for their weakness.

That is the image built up in Anne’s mind.

-End-





C.34: Conferring of Decorations


――The day of the ceremony.

Krische was sat on a chair in between Selene and Bery who are facing off.

Selene’s vibrant blue and white dress contrasted Krische’s black and red dress.

Selene glared at Bery as she pointed at her own hair, done in a left side ponytail――at a sword hairpin.

“……like I said, it has to be a sword.”

“Ojou-sama really does not understand. It has to be a flower.”

“How many times do I have to say this? Krische is participating in a ceremony to be conferred the title of senior knight. So this sword hairpin is more suitable for the ceremony! I even planned for our dresses and hairstyles to match. Krische should use the same hairpin as me.”

Krische’s hair had been done up in a side ponytail on the right.

The opposite of Selene――which was the intention behind this hairstyle, but Selene and Bery are now arguing over which hairpin to use.

Up until that point, they had harmoniously worked together to make Selene and Krische match, but once it came to choosing the hairpin, their opinions differed.

Selene wants to focus on elegance and style.

Bery wants to focus on cuteness and beauty.

――And Krische does not care, she just wants to eat breakfast.

Anne watched helplessly while Krische hung her head, pressing on her stomach to endure her hunger.

To Krische, breakfast is especially important, but it has been ignored by the other two because of the extremely important debate of which hairpin to use.

For Krische, all meals are important, but breakfast is the most important among them.

After waking from a nice warm night of sleep while hugging Bery, it is natural that she will be hungry.

This morning Krische had woken up and flirted with Bery, then had to go through a hard schedule of bathing, make up, hair arrangement and changing into a dress all in the morning.

This might have been fine back in the village, but after Krische moved to the estate, she developed the habit of ‘pre-breakfast’, snacking on leftovers in the kitchen as she made breakfast.

So for Krische, going through all this without breakfast is unimaginably tough.

She endured it all with strong self-control (for Krische), yet she ended up in this situation.

Krische had felt something unsettling about Selene and Bery’s exchange and spoken up, ‘Th, they already prepared breakfast for us, it, it would be rude to let it go cold. The hairpin can be decided after eating――’, but Selene brushed her aside and instead lectured her about how important today is.

‘You really don’t think about anything but eating, aren’t you embarrassed? You’re a gluttonous spoiled kid, carefree and stupid, can’t you just do things properly once in a while? If you have the the time to talk about that, how about thinking about this yourself? In the first place, you――’

Krische learnt that her breakfast would only be further delayed by these lectures, so she could only stay quiet and hold her stomach, blending into the background.

Bery smiled gently and said she would warm up the food later, so endure for now, but this also implied that this debate is more important than breakfast for Bery.

“That is simply ojou-sama’s preferences. If ojou-sama wants a pair look, then the opposite of the sword would be a flower that is meant to be protected. It is because of ojou-sama’s sword that the flower hairpin will look good and it is only with Krische-sama’s flower that ojou-sama’s sword will truly shine. Was that not the intention between choosing the black and red dress to contrast with ojou-sama’s blue and white dress?”

“I already said that the dress is enough for that. It’s because the dress already creates a large contrast that we should use the same hairpin since we are both becoming senior knights!”

Selene glared back.

“And I’m also the one giving in most of the time! I even gave in and allowed you to spoil Krische so much this time. How about you give in once in a while?”

“Oh my, now that ojou-sama is stumped, ojou-sama brings up a different topic? Personal insults last time and now this? And though ojou-sama says that ojou-sama allowed it, ojou-sama complains about it everytime we meet. I have also reflected on my actions and will quietly listen to those complains……but I have to object when ojou-sama brings it up when it is unrelated.”

“You have to? So what about a few complaints? Think about my position. Of course I’d want to make a complain or two! And you’re all talk, despite what you say, you still spoil Krische. What reflection? What a joke.”

Neither gave way, scowling at each other with sharp eyes.

Krische watched them with sad eyes.

“Even though ojou-sama says that, if ojou-sama were in my position, ojou-sama would definitely do the same. If ojou-sama says to think about ojou-sama’s position, how about ojou-sama try standing in my shoes? In the end ojou-sama also accepts Krische-sama’s ki――”

Bery cut herself off, glanced at Anne and cleared her throat.

“――ahem, anyway, ojou-sama could not say anything either.”

“Th, that’s because you taught her weird things! That’s not my fault!”

“I see, so everything is my fault? When it is convenient for ojou-sama, ojou-sama says that ojou-sama gave in, but when it is inconvenient it is the other person’s fault? That is ojou-sama’s thinking? That is the real joke here.”

“What did you――”

“Bo, both of you……ho, how about……er, asking Krische-sama herself……?”

Anne interrupted their argument, but her voice was shrill.

She could not endure how pitiful Krische looked caught between them and spoke up, but――

“Krische?”

“……Krische-sama?”

“Eh, uu……er, Krische, is, is fine with, either……”

Quickly learnt that it only made things worse.

“Both? Krische, do you understand that it is because you can’t even choose a hairpin yourself that I have to go through this fruitless argument with Bery? Were you even listening? You don’t understand at all do you? Decide right now. Of course it’s the sword right?”

“Krische-sama, it is okay to be honest. There is no need to be considerate of ojou-sama. This is for Krische-sama……come, please say it, ‘the flower is better’.”

Krische really did not care either way but was crushed by their pressure, she could only look at the door in desperation.

And as if he heard her plea, her savior appeared right at that moment.

“……haa. I came to check since you all didn’t come for breakfast, but what are you two fighting over this time?”

Bogan seemed to have expected this and tiredly massaged his brow as he silently listened to their explanation.

They can just go with the sword and flower, but change the colour of the flower.

From Krische’s perspective, the sight of Bogan convincing them to accept this compromise is truly that of a savior――a hero.

Krische breathed a sigh of relief at the arrival of a mediator and smiled.

She can finally eat breakfast, but――the voice that stopped her was Bogan’s yet again.

“It is about time for us to go. Seems like the ceremony was brought forward a little.”

“Okay, otou-sama.”

Krische froze.



* * *



The interior of the royal palace is built more like an extremely large estate than a castle.

It is not meant to be a defensive stronghold, instead it is designed for bureaucracy and for royalty to live in, prioritising the size and number of rooms with no complicated maze of corridors.

This is the center of the kingdom.

This castle was built as a symbol of the King’s power, it was not built with with enemy attacks in mind in the first place.

Thus the castle is weak in the case of a siege, but on the other hand, it is extremely comfortable to live in.

The corridors are long and wide.

Krische, Selene, Bogan and Gallen are walking through such a corridor with Christand’s subordinates in tow.

The southern general Garhka and western general Hilkintos also accompanied them, making Krische and Selene――about to become senior knights, the lowest rank and their position is at the rear of the line.

“Come on, you can eat after the ceremony is over. Don’t hang your head just because breakfast is delayed.”

“Uuu……”

“What’s with that look? Are you saying it’s my fault?”

“N, no……”

They had stood by in a waiting room for a while after entering the palace and are now on their way to the throne room.

Selene muttered softly to Krische as they walked through the long corridor.

The ceremony is not that long and since it has been brought forward, it will be finished long before noon.

Breakfast is only delayed a little, but this is major damage to Krische.

“Come on, we are almost there. Pull yourself together.”

“Okay……”

They arrived at large doors that reached the tall ceiling.

The heavy double doors were slowly opened by guards――they proceeded inside.

The sounds of drums and trumpets filled the air as they stepped into a white hall.

A brilliant red carpet passed through the middle of countless pillars supporting a ceiling that is so high you had to look up to see it.

At the end of the carpet is a small dais and a single throne.

A man wearing a crown sat upon it.

Next to him stood the royal prince and princess, everyone else stood at the sides of the carpet.

This red carpet is also known as the King’s Road.

Red is the colour of blood and it represents all the blood the Kingdom has lost.

The royal family’s reign is supported by that blood and normally only those related to the royal family can step on this carpet, but during ceremonies and audiences with the king others are temporarily allowed to stand upon it.

This represents their involvement with royal blood and permission to share the support of that blood.

(T/N: Not sure about this line それは王家との血の交わりを示し、血の共有を許すということ。 More standard interpretation would be permission to join the (royal) bloodline)

Thus anyone allowed to step upon this carpet, even if they were commoners, are granted the honourable title of nobility.

Bogan has been here many times before and his stride is confident, similarly for the generals walking at his side――Garhka and Hilkintos.

This is also the same for the corps commanders, but the further down the line, more nervous people are visible.

Selene is also one of them and Krische could see out of the corner of her eye that Selene’s expression was slightly stiff.

Everyone around them are men, making the two of them stand out.

This made the surrounding eyes gather on them and Selene’s legs felt shaky.

Next to her, Krische is just as normal without a hint of nervousness.

Selene wanted to pinch Krische’s cheek and tell her to at least be a little tense, but she cannot do that here.

Selene focused on Gallen’s back instead, walking confidently in front of them and quietly calmed her breathing.

Once they reached the middle, they split into two lines, leaving a gap along the middle of the carpet. Then from the front, they knelt on one knee and bowed their heads, putting their right fist in their left palm above their heads.

Krische and Selene are wearing dresses and would usually be allowed to simply bend their knees a little and pretend to kneel, but remain standing, even in front of royalty.

But this is a ceremony, so they also knelt after the person in front of them knelt.

The drums and trumpets stopped and silence filled the air for a few moments.

Then the royal prince――Gildanstein stepped forward.

“――First, we want to thank you all for preventing the evil Empire’s invasion and saving the Kingdom from its predicament by defeating their large force of ten thousand……famed generals and heroes that will leave their names in history as well as nameless soldiers and citizens have spilled their blood for the Kingdom――The royal family is built upon that blood. Your actions have made our ancestors proud and bring them honour, his majesty the king will personally extol your achievements and grant you your title and rewards. Know that this is the greatest possible honour.”

He did not shout, nor did he use magic to project his voice.

Yet his voice was majestic and clearly audible.

Gildanstein has something that only those born to rule have, his voice is clear even in this wide space.

“General Carmeda was lost to the enemy’s blades, along with the lives of many soldiers and citizens, they are now the blood of the Kingdom. Many mourn their loss. But death is not the end. They will live on forever as new blood of the Kingdom. His majesty the king, me, all of you will eventually become part of the blood of the Kingdom too. There is no need to mourn or grieve, simply accept it――and rejoice that you survived to receive this honour. This is the best parting gift we can give to the dead.”

There were a few stifled sobs and sniffling at the rear of the line.

Carmeda’s subordinates. Not many have survived.

“These three generals have survived and defeated a large enemy force――each of their contributions was magnificent. Among them, I want to specially mention general Christand for his intelligence and valour in defeating the despiteful Sarshanka who killed general Carmeda. Despite being stuck in a stalemate with inferior numbers, he tore through a force of forty thousand with an army half that size, throwing them into chaos in a manner befitting the name of Lightning Quick…… step forward.”

“……yes, your highness.”

Bogan took a few steps forward and knelt again in the middle of the carpet.

“Without this man’s contributions, we would not be in any state to conduct this ceremony right now. I am sure all of you are aware. ――before your eyes, is a hero.”

Gildanstein looked around.

“This man is a hero among heroes――the pride of the Kingdom, general Bogan Argalitte Vezrinea Christand.”

Gildanstein spread his arms and on that signal, the orchestra played their drums and trumpets as those lining the sides of the carpet cheered.

Those on the carpet are also in the same position of being cheered, so they could not cheer, but Selene is visibly happy about the praise for her father.

Krische smiled at that and Selene averted her eyes in embarassment.

“Next I would like to mention general Garhka for stopping the enemy’s main attack in the south, then defeating them when the chance presented itself due to Christand’s counterattack. Step forward――”

――and the ceremony proceeded.

In order from the front, they stepped in front of the king and were granted a sword by the king himself.

A resplendently decorated jewel sword.

Back when metals were precious, the sword was the symbol of a hero.

Because of this history, rewards from the king are granted in the form of a sword.

But of course this is not all, they will also be granted various other treasures later.

It was announced that the territories of the three generals will be expanded while Christand’s first corps commander, a man named Nozan will be sent to empty eastern territories as the new general.

Carmeda’s son was also lost in battle leaving the post empty, so due their contributions, the most skilled corps commander in the Christand army was nominated.

It was quite a while later before Selene and Krische’s names were called.

There are seven of them, including Gallen, that would be receiving the title of senior knight.

Gallen already holds the title of junior knight. The rank of junior knight can be granted by generals with the permission of the king.

This is because of the formality that nobles must not be commanded by commoners.

Gallen had more than enough achievements to be promoted to senior knight in the last war, but he retired from the army before the conferring of decorations, so his rank is still junior knight.

It is not good for appearances for a junior knight to shoulder the major role of the general’s aide, so in consideration of his past achievements, he will also be receiving the title of senior knight together with Selene and Krische.

“――You are now allowed to call yourselves Rinea. You have been granted the honourable title of Rinea, meaning warrior in the old language. The title of senior knight is not granted without achievements on the battlefield, regardless of how noble the birth. You all have just received this title…… step forward in order and receive your swords.”

Krische is at the corner and is last in line.

Krische Rinea Christand. She thought about her lengthened name as she waited for her turn.

Selene went and came back.

It is Krische’s turn. She raised her head and stood up, then subconsciously――reflexively stepped back.

Krische’s gaze had landed on the girl standing next to the king.

She is a young girl half a head shorter then the petite Krische.

Her strawberry blonde her shone red in the sunlight.

Her white dress made her look like a fairy――and her features strangely resembled Krische’s.

The princess had looked bored until just now, but was now staring at Krische, then she showed a brilliant smile.

“K, Krische……”

Selene softly admonished Krische and Krische stepped forward.

――Krische had responded because she had been on guard.

Krische is always paying attention to her surroundings for any signs of danger at all times.

If she is in a crowd, she is always ready to escape if someone lunged at her, or even kill them first. It is almost a subconscious habit.

The instant she had stood up, Krische had felt danger and immediately stepped back.

And the feeling had come from the direction of the princess.

The smiling princess showed no hostility and she is at a distance where Krische can kill her at any moment.

Krische erased her inner doubts and advanced to stand before the king.

She then indifferently went though the ceremony without showing any further interest, receiving the sword with beautiful conduct――from the king whose complexion was hidden by make up.

Krische wants to quickly finish up and eat.

That is the only thought in Krische’s head.

-End-





U.E. C.35: Princess Kreschenta


The hall for the dinner party was so large that a whole estate could fit in it.

The hall is so wide that it can host more than a thousand and the ceiling is so high that you had to look straight up to see it.

A wall of glass leads to the balcony, letting in the amber evening sunlight.

The dinner party is buffet style with countless tables scattered around filled with just as many dishes.

Just as Bery had said, a magnificent whole roast pig is still quite normal, there is a whole cow with its various parts cooked separately then pieced back together, a castle-shaped cake, a bird made of candy and various other extravagant dishes.

The theme for this dinner party seems to be the Kingdom’s gods.

The hall is separated into areas according to each of the twelve gods, for example, the area of Shaserene, the goddess of beauty contains finely crafted dishes while the area of Koreis, the god of war has extravagant beef dishes.

The decorations also matched the theme, there is an area with gold ornaments while another is decorated with swords and shields along with the statues of the respective gods, making it fun to just look around.

But Krische’s objective is the food.

Krische held Bery’s hand and wandered here and there.

All she can eat, this is Krische’s gold mine――but someone stood in her way yet again.

“Gahaha, I’ve heard the rumours that the other Christand is also beautiful, but the rumours really are mere rumours. They do no justice to the real thing! And if your swordsmanship is as they say then many soldiers are put to shame.”

The man was like a wild beast.

A beard covered the area around his mouth and his black hair is slicked backwards, but his hair is so stiff that it looks more like it is standing up.

His height is about six feet. Quite tall, but more than that, he is thick.

That does not mean he is fat, it is all muscle.

He looked hopelessly out of place in his formal attire, he looks more like a bandit pretending to be a noble.

This man’s name is Dagren Nakul Dougarinea Garhka.

The fierce general that defended the south and dealt the final blow to the Empire’s invasion army.

Despite his appearances, he was born to the old Garhka family and is a duke.

Which means he ranks higher than Christand and it would be rude for Krische to excuse herself.

――Krische had just finished greeting each corps commander and was finally released.

It was almost a full hour of them lavishing her with flowery praises of her achievements and other repeated talk about the war until Bery cut them off.

Of course, Krische has not been able to enjoy the food and has only had a few drinks.

Just as she finished talking with the corps commanders and was about to enjoy the food, this bandit-like Dagren appeared.

A man just as loud as the second corps commander Kokys. Krische’s expression looked a little annoyed and even Bery’s smile was slightly troubled.

As a servant, Bery is aware of who Krische needs to speak to.

It is simple manners to greet each corps commander, so Bery subtly guided Krische towards them.

But Bery believes that Krische does not need to greet anyone else and subtly guided Krische away from the other gazes on them so that Krische could enjoy the food――but they could not avoid this man.

He had pushed through the crowd and beelined straight to them.

There is a silent agreement to only speak to those nearby during dinner parties like this.

In the Kingdom, stand-up buffets are considered informal. Anyone could enjoy a meal in the presence of royalty and speak to anyone else regardless of rank.

Bery made use of that common sense to conduct herself and Krische in such a skillful way that it is unbelievable that Bery is inexperienced with high society, but if someone ignores that common sense and homes in on them, there is no way for them to escape.

Bery pondered over what to do as she watched Krische who is clearly thinking about nothing but food.

“After speaking with Bogan, I wanted to speak with you directly. You were the one that suggested the plan to lure Sarshanka by shifting camp to the east right?”

“Yes, general Garhka.”

“That was an amazing read, you have good eyes. Even I wouldn’t have thought of that in that situation. In fact, I couldn’t do anything in the south and was only facing off with the enemy until Christand broke Sarshanka.”

Dagren is in high spirits.

Everything about him indicated that he really wants to talk about the war and Bery had already given up, this seems like it will drag on.

The Christand corps commanders also more or less had the same air about them.

The handsome first corps commander, Nozan praised Krische for her brilliant mountain breakthrough and her skill in the melee afterwards. He was happy to become a general, but he owes a great debt to general Christand and is worried about leaving a large hole in his forces. But with Selene-sama and Krische-sama present――

The bear-like second corps commander, Kokys thanked Krische for giving him a chance to play an active part. He also thanked her for rushing to aid the isolated second corps fighting in the west and striking the enemy in the rear, destroying their morale and making them retreat, if only his son could learn from her gahaha――

The eagle-eyed third corps commander, Terious admired her skill in constructing the fort and told her how much easier it made things and helped them conserve their forces. He wanted to learn from how she built such an effective fort in that short period of time. If they met again at the training grounds, he would like to discuss more about it, actually now would be a good time――

The skeletal forth corps commander, Elrouga quietly praised her skill in infiltrating the mountains and said that their great victory is Krische’s achievement. It is thanks to Krische’s lead that they succeeded in flanking through the mountains with almost no casualties and had less than half the expected losses in the end. Despite his antisocial appearance, he seems to dote on his son and started talking about his son halfway through, saying that Krische-sama reminded him of his son and how his son is much better than him――

All of them would have gone on and on if let be, so Bery had politely cut them off, but she cannot do anything here since Dagren is of higher rank.

Dagren talked about the southern battlefield and explained his position to Krische using cups and plates on a table.

“What do you think about this situation?”

“Since this is on the plains, the Empire has the advantage with their nomadic cavalry. Krische’s plan involved killing their mobility using the terrain, but that would be impossible in that area. Krische would have pulled the army back instead.”

“You would let them take the land?”

Krische nodded and pointed at the representative map on the table.

“The enemy would not have gained anything from our tactical retreat. During the temporary stalemate, the villages and towns could have been evacuated and emptied. Just by luring out the enemy and making them extend their supply lines, we could have put great strain on them. This is because the Empire mostly relies on procuring their supplies locally.”

“……but would they have chased?”

“In the early stages they would have, since their objective was to capture territory. It might become a little difficult during the stalemate later on, but if you retreated towards Wulfenite when master was shifting to the east, the enemy would definitely give chase.”

The enemy saw Christand’s movement as a precursor to a recapture attempt on Wulfenite.

If Dagren’s army had moved towards Wulfenite, the enemy would have definitely tried to stop it.

“If they chased, you could choose the battlefield and by moving closer to Wulfenite, there were more advantageous areas like the forest or desert. Krische would have chosen the desert here.”

Dagren looked towards where Krische pointed and frowned.

She was pointing at a white patch of tablecloth. Naturally, there is no actual map on the table.

But Krische had accurately calculated and pointed at the location of the desert in the south based on the positions Dagren described.

Dagren turned to her with a serious expression.

“You’ve memorised not just the northern and eastern geography, but the south too?

“……? Yes.”

“I see……no wonder Christand is all praises for you. I’d want you for myself too.”

“Er……I owe a debt to the master for taking me in and it is all I can do to repay that debt right now.”

Krische declined using the excuse Bery had taught her, word for word.

Bery had told her to say this if anyone proposed to her and Krische dutifully obeyed.

“Gahaha, I see! That’s a problem. But I owe a debt to you. Come to me if you ever need anything.”

“Thank you very much.”

Krische finally felt the end approaching and glanced towards Bery. Bery nodded back and was about to act but Dagren is a man of steel.

“Then next”, and he started moving the glasses and plates again.

“Er, next……?”

“Yeah. You know what happened. I didn’t move and when I received the report that Christand broke Sarshanka, I took the chance to attack. At that time my force was thirty thousand and the enemy was forty thousand. The battlefield was like this――”

In the end, Krische was stuck with Dagren for another half hour



* * *



Bery smiled wryly as she guided Krische by the hand, Krische looked like a dog that had been told to stay in front of treats.

Krische was finally released after the sun had set and Bery guided her extremely well now.

The way Bery exploited the chinks in people’s awareness is similar to Krische.

But even in a hall full of noblewomen, Krische’s beauty is eye catching.

They ate a little, moved to the next area, ate a little and on to the next again.

It was quite rushed and eventually Bery changed plans and they headed to the balcony.

They found a quiet corner on the wide balcony, set the slightly inappropriate amount of food they had secured on a table and took a break.

There are not many people around.

Conversation is prioritised over food at stand-up buffets such as this one.

Connections between nobles are formed on occasions like this, so nobles are busy looking for the connections that will bring them success in life and there are many that do not even eat a single bite.

Since there is no point in going to a place without the people they seek, not many come to the balcony and it is relatively quiet.

The only people present are young couples or nobles having a serious discussion.

People are sparse and it is peaceful.

For nobles, appearances and reputation is everything.

In the hall, there may be some that hit on them under the pretense of greeting them, but it would be bad for appearance to go all the way to the corner of a deserted area to speak to them.

Unless they are acquaintances, such a sudden act would only be seen as hitting on them.

Since they had already greeted those they have to speak to, they were able to enjoy a relatively peaceful time.

This would not be possible for Selene who has already appeared in high society before, but this is Krische’s first time.

Bery breathed a sigh of relief, they should be able to get through the rest of the day like this.

“There is a little too much spice on this one.”

“Yes, that spice is rekkra. Its strong fragrance is good for meat with a strong smell, like boar, but they made the wrong choice here.”

“A waste of good meat.”

They were having a cooking review with their many dishes.

They had made two trips, so they had their pick of dishes.

The dishes they had brought first had gone a little cold, but the ingredients and cooking were good, so they still tasted fine. In fact, most people would have high praises for these dishes.

But Krische normally eats the home cooking of a culinary researcher, Bery.

Krische can enjoy just about anything when she is hungry, but her palate is extremely refined and she is able to discuss the subtle details of flavour with Bery.

Krische enjoys times like this with Bery the most

“We should consider whole roasts. They are large and, er……”

Krische blushed and cut herself off, but Bery just laughed softly.

“I will never make fun of Krische-sama’s appetite. Krische-sama would love such a filling meal right?”

“uuu……”

“But the seasoning and cooking is difficult. We can only make rough estimates with whole roasts.”

“……the whole roast chicken Bery made before was very delicious.”

Krische said that a little shyly, making Bery smile happily.

“Chicken is still manageable, but a pig would be too much. I would still prefer to cook the parts separately.”

“Krische also prefers it that way……ehehe, empathy?”

“Yes, empathy.”

Bery stroked Krische’s cheek as she snuggled closer.

Since her hair has been done up, Bery cannot pat her head.

Krische fidgeted then glanced around, pouting as she saw the presence of other people.

Bery smiled wryly as she inferred what Krische wanted and pressed a finger to Krische’s lips.

“Not here.”

“……then, when we go back to our room.”

“E, err, maybe……uu”

“No……?”

Krische looked at Bery with upturned eyes.

Bery blushed and her eyes wandered, troubled by the quagmire she had gotten herself into.

‘――Do not hold back with me. If there is anything Krische-sama wants me to do, please speak out and tell me’

Bery was the one that said that to Krische.

Those words came from her good will, her sense of responsibility and her love.

She did not think it would lead to this.

Krische simply believed in those words, understood it in her own way and is depending on Bery.

And that is what she has been doing for a while. It is already too late.

Too late, too late. Yes, as Bery kept thinking it is already too late, it got worse and at some point it really became too late.

At first, Bery had no doubts that her feelings for Krische was that of a mother or an older sister, the pure love of a guardian. But now she is not so sure.

“In, in return, please endure until we go back to our room, okay……?”

“……okay, Krische will endure until we are back in our room.”

Krische is an exceptionally beautiful girl.

Having such a girl dependent on her, kissing her everyday and receiving such innocent love requires a lot more self-control than Bery had thought.

And Bery is also aware that she is the one that brought up Krische like this, so there is no one to blame but herself.

Bery also knows that this is not all bad, it is due to this that Krische acts much more like a normal girl than before.

She has become much more charming, she smiles genuinely more often and seems happy.

That is why Bery is at a deadlock and can only silently continue to endure the allure of this beautiful, adorable creature.

Bery closed her eyes to compose herself and when she opened them, Krische was staring at something outside.

Following her gaze, there was a single tower at the corner of royal land.

Krische’s gaze shifted from the tower to the area around it.

“Is something the matter?”

“Er, that seems familiar……Krische, was probably in that tower a long time ago.”

“Tower….”

Bery frowned.

“A long time ago……?”

“Ah, yes, that is probably it. Krische often looked outside from that small window over there.”

Bery took a closer look and found a single window at the top of the tower.

A single tower standing in the back corner of royal land is strange, its purpose is unfathomable.

It looks as if it was built away from the castle, a lonely tower――and what does Krische mean by being there before?

Bery’s frown deepened.

“It was a looong time ago. Krische was really small, it was before Krische was taken in by the village. Krische never went outside, so Krische does not remember anywhere else though.”

Krische compared the scenery and flipped the image from her memories, confirming that they matched.

Krische quickly lost interest in why she had been there and stared at the unmoving Bery, tilting her head as she watched Bery lost in thought.

That was when someone spoke to them.

“Oh……this is where you were.”

A young, but distinct voice.

“Are you looking at the tower?”

Her pale hair shone in the moonlight――with a tinge of red.

A beautiful, phantasmal, magical shine.

A tiara sat on her hair which has been let down and appeared to be fluttering despite the lack of wind while her amethyst eyes seemed to shine in the dark.

Bery quickly bowed deeply at the waist and lowered her head.

This is a person who Bery, a servant has to show such respect for.

Krische lightly held up her dress and bowed her knees, curtsying elegantly.

The girl seemed to be enjoying something as she watched them, then held up her own pure white dress and returned the curtsy.

A curtsy that she did not need to return with her standing.

She did not bow her head or show any other sign of respect, she simply stood there like an absolute ruler.

That is who she is.

“Good evening. I am Kreschenta……nice to meet you, Krische-sama.”

Kreschenta Farna Viera Alberan.

Alberan Kingdom’s first princess smiled at them elegantly.

――with a face similar to Krische’s.

-End-





U.E. C.36: The Baby that does not Cry


Baby that does not cry, cursed child.

Those were the words repeatedly mentioned around her right after she was born.

She did not know the meaning of those words and only heard them as sounds.

Krische’s first memory is of opening her eyes in a gloomy room.

A bed and a single window.

A bookshelf, table and chair.

At regular intervals, two women came and fed her milk.

They never said anything to Krische and Krische did not say anything either.

Krische was breastfed when she got hungry and they cleaned up her waste.

After a while, Krische learnt to stand and became able to walk around the room.

Around the same period, the woman that breastfed her no longer came and Krische was given porridge with soft potato. She was taught how to eat and how to use a chamber pot.

Though Krische understood some words by then, she did not speak.

She was not particularly dissatisfied with anything.

No, there was the smell of dust and waste.

Since the woman visited regularly, Krische chose to use the chamber pot right before she came.

Time passed.

There were books, but Krische could barely speak, never mind read. She could only stare out the window.

The outside scenery was dominated by a white building.

She stared blankly at flying creatures and watched as their birth and death.

Krische moved the floofy thing around her body, she counted the floor boards, she counted the number of stairs based on the footsteps she could hear.

Aside from that, she just ate and slept.

At some point, the frequency of calls of nature decreased and her hunger increased, the amount of food was no longer enough.

“……this.”

That was the first time Krische made a request and the woman looked at her dubiously.

After many repeated attempts to signal that she was hungry and there is not enough food, the woman finally understood.

Her expression was initially confused but when she understood, she looked strangely sad.

That was a slight change from the usual uneasy way she looked at Krische.

“From now on if there is not enough food, please tell me.”

The next time the woman came, she taught Krische a few simple words.

Thanks to her, Krische learnt to understand simple words and became able to hold a simple conversation. But it seems like she was not allowed to talk to Krische and she only taught Krische the bare minimum.

Though it was not allowed, conversing with words was a lot easier than signaling.

The woman did not stop Krische either.

That rule was probably not that important.

Though the woman did not speak to Krische, she would answer when Krische said something to her.

The time the woman spent in the room gradually grew longer.

She spent more time cleaning the room and it became cleaner.

Since Krische did not like dust, she got permission to help and when Krische helped, the woman patted her on the head.

Krische enjoyed that and she was bored.

She did not have any problems with cleaning and the more she helped, the more she got patted on the head, so Krische happily helped.

Stare blankly. Woman comes. Eat. Help. Pats.

Krische was satisfied with that life and it continued until the day the woman came with swollen eyes.

――”Sorry”, repeatedly apologising, she wrapped Krische in a cloth and carried her somewhere.

Krische could not see outside, but they probably got in a carriage.

Krische was not aware of that at the time, she only knew they spent a long time rocking in the carriage.

Krische and the woman were alone in the carriage.

The woman gave Krische her meals in the carriage.

After a few days, the carriage stopped and Krische and the woman entered a forest.

The woman was holding a knife and she embraced Krische for a while, trembling. Then she let go of Krische, pulled up her skirt and cut her own leg.

She let the blood stain the knife then bound the wound with cloth.

She then pointed in a direction and told Krische to keep walking that way.

The woman patted Krische on the head, then just stood there.

Krische nodded and walked in the direction she was told to.

The woman had treated Krische well and Krische did not doubt her.

Krische kept walking as she was told, she kept walking as her legs grew tired and her stomach grew empty, until she collapsed.

“Salba! There’s a child!”

“Don’t be stupid Gorka, there’s no wa――you’re serious? That’s bad, we shouldn’t get involved. It’s probably some noble’s abandoned child.”

“But we can’t just leave her here. Let’s bring her back first, then we can decide what to do――”

These are Krische’s memories before arriving in the village.

She was asked many questions in the village, but she did not speak.

Krische laid in bed, weak from hunger and exhaustion.

Listening to the villagers’ conversations, she learnt that she was abandoned.

She did not know why she was abandoned, but at that time she thought it was because she broke the rule of not speaking to the woman.

The villagers also talked about Krische being some noble and that they should throw her out if she really is some noble’s abandoned child, making Krische avoid speaking even more.

Krische cannot afford to be thrown out and chose to wait and see, observing the villagers.

She was not able to speak much in the first place, so it was not that difficult to act.

Eventually, she became Gorka and Grace’s child and was given a name, people forgot about her origins.

That is how Krische became a member of the village and started living there.



* * *



Although Krische has these memories, she never recalled them.

Krische had no interest in those memories.

She only recalled them because she saw that tower and the woman standing behind Kreschenta with a tense expression.

She used to look to be in her late teens, but now she looks older.

But she does not look that different and her face has not changed.

Her hairstyle with her black hair gathered in a bun at the back of her head and her black and white apron dress are the same.

Krische hesitated on whether to greet her, then chose not to.

It is a rule during this kind of events to not greet servants.

Krische stared at the woman, then looked at Kreschenta.

Kreschenta is dressed in a relatively simple white dress, beautifully decorated with lace.

The dress had gold embroidery and a silver necklace hung around her neck.

Her large, upturned eyes looked up at Krische.

“Nice to meet you, I am Krische Christand. Next to me is the Christand family’s servant, Bery Argan. Pleased to make your acquaintance, your highness.”

Krische greeted Kreschenta with the standard greeting that Bery had taught her.

Kreschenta giggled.

“That feels off. Call me Kreschenta. No need for sama or the like, there is no one that can hear us anyway.”

“Okay. Then, nice to meet you, Kreschenta.”

“K, Krische-sama……”

Bery hastily called out when Krische responded too obediently.

Bery had not expected this situation and had not taught Krische how to reply in this scenario

“Ufufu, I do not mind, Argan-sama. Relax.”

“Sa, sama……is too much for me, your highness.”

“It is a habit. Then I will make it an order. Do not mind it.”

“Er……un, understood.”

Kreschenta stared at Krische, she really seemed to be enjoying something.

“This is the first time we have met, but it does not feel like it. I have always wanted to meet you……does Nora look familiar?”

Kreschenta pointed at the woman next to her――at Nora.

Krische nodded.

“Yes, she took care of me when I was younger.”

Nora stiffened and Bery’s eyes widened in surprise.

“Krische-sama is my onee-sama……since you two were talking as you looked at the tower, I had thought that Argan-sama also guessed that.”

“That, is……”

“Indeed. From what I saw in the hall, onee-sama seems to be very important to Argan-sama, so I trust Argan-sama will not spread this. Krische-sama……ah, may I call you onee-sama?”

“…….? Okay.”

Krische nodded, completely unperturbed, making Kreschenta laugh.

Kreschenta turned to Bery.

“That tower is where the royal family’s cursed children are confined. They cannot be let out, but nobody wants them in the castle either. That is why that tower was built there……and onee-sama used to live there, with Nora over here taking care of her.”

The woman called Nora glanced about uneasily, but Kreschenta ignored her and continued.

“Onee-sama, please keep it a secret that onee-sama was in that tower. From what I have seen, it appears onee-sama is not very familiar with palace politics, or even noble society as a whole.”

“Yes, not really.”

The Christands are nobles and serve as a general. The king is their patron and is very important.

That is Krische’s understanding of nobles and she does not particularly care to know more.

Of course Krische had been taught the structure of noble society and has the knowledge, but her understanding of it is poor.

Although she can explain the structure of noble society, she is completely ignorant of how to act in it and only does as Bery tells her to.

“Since onee-sama is my onee-sama, onee-sama was originally otou-sama’s――his majesty, the king’s daughter and the first princess. But because of certain circumstances, onee-sama is not supposed to exist and there will be a lot of troublesome problems if this became known, so it is better to keep it a secret.”

Kreschenta did not beat about the bush, explaining the key points only.

This direct explanation is very easy for Krische to understand and Krische found it slightly curious that Kreschenta explained it this way although they had just met.

Kreschenta saw Krische’s questioning look and smiled.

“I am the same as onee-sama. I like simple explanations……I am most likely the one person that can understand onee-sama’s feelings the most.”

“Really?”

“Yes. That is why I have always wanted to meet you. Because onee-sama is also the one that will understand me the best.”

Kreschenta’s cold, inhuman eyes seems to heat up.

“I believe that if we understand each other and seek the same thing, then we can obtain the only place in this world where we can relax.”

“……relax?”

“Yes, relax. A place where we are not threatened by anyone. I believe I can create such a place with onee-sama.”

――so will you stay with me forever?

Kreschenta proposed.

It has not even been a quarter hour since they had met.

Bery looked at Krische in confusion, it is hard to believe that the princess had just said that.

Krische briefly looked between Bery and Kreschenta before answering.

“Nn……Krische, likes Krische’s current home.”

“Really?”

Kreschenta suddenly looked at Bery.

She was smiling――but her eyes were inhuman, like a snake’s.

――strangely, Krische was able to vaguely understand what Kreschenta was thinking.

“Kreschenta, no. If Kreschenta does that Krische will have to kill Kreschenta. That will be very troublesome for Krische.”

Bery tensed, looking from Krische to Kreschenta.

Their age is different, yet their faces are similar.

Of course there are slight differences――but the air about them is identical.

“……you like her that much?”

“Yes.”

Kreschenta pouted and looked up at Krische unhappily.

“Absolutely not”, Krische said as she pressed a finger to Kreschenta’s lips. Kreschenta looked stunned for a moment, then her lips relaxed into a smile as she happily stepped closer.

“……understood. I will never do anything to onee-sama’s favourite.”

“Kreschenta, good girl.”

“Ah……”

Krische patted Kreschenta’s head and Kreschenta seemed happy for a moment.

But then Kreschenta hastily stepped away and caught Krische’s hand.

“Onee-sama, you cannot do that. I am the princess, it would be bad if that was seen.”

Kreschenta placed her hands on her hips, pretending to be angry as she looked around.

Luckily, nobody was looking at them.

Kreschenta had hid herself behind Nora when she walked here, so most people on the balcony had not even realised that Kreschenta is here in the first place.

“But good girls that do as they are told should be patted on the head. And somehow, Krische thought Kreschenta would like it……”

Krische tilted her head at her own words.

It was like Krische could read Kreschenta’s mind.

Krische can understand how Kreschenta thinks, what she likes, what she hates――everything.

Krische can kind of understand her, unlike other humans.

――when Kreschenta looked at Bery just now, she had been planning how to kill Bery.

She wanted Krische but Krische rejected her. So how should she deal with the obstacle?

Killing Bery would be simplest and quite easy.

Rules and regulations have to be followed to fit into society.

But they do not matter if not found out and can be broken secretly to obtain something.

That is also Krische’s belief, so it is easy for her to understand.

Kreschenta looked slightly happy when Krische pressed a finger to her lips and Krische understands that feeling.

So Krische thought that she would also be happy to be patted on the head.

For some reason, Krische can understand Kreschenta’s logic and emotions, she glanced towards Bery, wondering if this is empathy.

But Bery did not notice Krische’s gaze, she was watching Kreschenta with a tense expression.

“Th, that is true but……I may be a child but I am also a princess. Anyway……you cannot do that in the palace. Seriously, onee-sama needs to understand your own position better.”

Kreschenta blushed and seemed happy as she stepped closer to Krische again.

“You were abandoned. So I can understand that you are not aware of the situation but……it seems we need to catch up with each other.”

“Catch up?”

Kreschanta smiled and answered Krische’s question.

“We need to share what each of us has learnt with the other. We can learn faster if we teach each other what the other is lacking. It is already late today, so tomorrow……I will visit onee-sama. It would be dangerous to let onee-sama wander around here.”

“Er……Krische is going back to the estate with master tomorrow morning though.”

Krische wants to hurry home and cook, so she turned down the invitation.

But Kreschenta drew even closer with an exasperated look.

“……onee-sama, invitation from royalty is usually absolute. A margrave would stay a few more days if I said I want to talk to onee-sama.”

“I see.”

“Seems I will have to start from the fundamentals……”

Kreschenta puffed out her cheeks.

Krische poked her cheeks and pushed the air out.

“I just said you cannot do that!” Kreschenta glared back, embarassed, before sighing and then turning to Bery.

“Argan-sama, could I ask you to pass a message to the margrave in onee-sama’s place?”

“Y, yes……your highness.”

Bery watched Kreschenta.

Kreschenta’s expressions are rich and rapidly changing――but her atmosphere really is similar.

‘……you like her that much?’

Kreschenta’s eyes when she asked Krische that were the same inhuman eyes that Krische sometimes shows.

Purple gemstones void of emotion.

Krische’s eyes are always like that when observing or calculating something.

Those eyes were a little scary at first, but Bery has gotten used to them.

It is who Krische is and Bery has accepted it as a lovable trait.

But similar eyes from Kreschenta sent chills down Bery’s spine, it felt like she was a frog under the glare of a snake.

As if her life was at Kreschenta’s whimsy――

“There is no need to be scared. I may lie to others, but I will not lie to onee-sama. She would notice immediately and unlike other people……it would be scary to make an enemy of onee-sama.”

And the way she thinks is also similar to Krische.

Thought she wants Krische as a sympathiser, she is also coldly analysing Krische.

Kreschenta is calculating everything.

What will happen if Krische became an enemy, what to do in that case.

She is thinking in terms of gains and losses, not sentiment.

Bery could understand this from the long time she has spent with Krische――and felt uneasy.

-End-





U.E. C.37: The Heroic Epic a Maiden Wanted


The estate’s entranceway.

Bogan and Selene were kneeling to welcome Kreschenta.

Since the princess is visiting, both of them are dressed in simplified dress uniform for military nobles.

Riding pants with a cloth vest――quilted armor with a cloak.

Krische and Bery are wearing skirts so they are not kneeling, instead they bowed deeply at the waist and lowered their heads.

“Oh, please raise your heads. This is an anonymous visit.”

“……yes, your highness.”

Right after an anonymous visit from Gildanstein, here is another one from Kreschenta.

He had just been warned to stay away from politics, this situation is making Bogan’s stomach hurt.

Why has she come here?

Bery had also seemed confused when she told him about this yesterday.

“I do not have any friends around my age……so I would like to get along with Krische-sama. Right, Krische-sama?”

“Yes, er, your highness?”

Kreschenta nodded in satisfaction but Selene glared at Krische.

Krische’s explanation had been vague, as was Bery’s.

Their explanation that the princess had taken a liking to Krische and will be coming over to play as a friend did not make sense.

Bery had seemed troubled and asked Selene and Bogan to wait and see for a while, but in the end, they still do not know Kreschenta’s true intentions.

No matter how you looked at her, Krische is not the type of person to easily make ‘friends’.

In fact, she is hopelessly bad at it.

It is quite hard to believe that when the princess just happened to talk to Krische, Krische not only did not anger her, but even became friends.

There is also the question of why Kreschenta showed up here instead of summoning Krische to the palace.

Selene looked closely at Kreschenta’s face.

A pretty――fairy-like, adorable face.

The princess’ beauty is famous in high society and she is just as beautiful as rumoured.

Her young, but perfect features looked somewhat similar to Krische.

“The matching dresses with Krische-sama was beautiful, but you also look wonderful, dignified in dress uniform.”

“It is an honour, your highness.”

“I have heard about your and Krische’s contributions. If there is a chance, I would like to hear more about it.”

“It would be my delight. If you would like to, we could talk about it with Krische now.”

Kreschenta looked like she was enjoying something as Selene replied with a smile.

“I have a promise with Krische-sama. Sorry, but not today.”

“Please forgive me for my impertinence, your highness.”

“It is fine, I was happy to hear it……could you guide me to the room?”

“Understood.”

Bery bowed her head.

After watching the four of them go, including Nora silently following behind, Selene sighed.

“……I don’t get it. Why did the princess come?”

There was no response, she turned to Bogan but he seemed lost in thought.

“Otou-sama?”

“……no, I just had a stupid thought. Well, as Bery said, let’s wait and see. Bery is a smart girl.”

“……indeed. I just hope Krische does not do something stupid.”

In the end, that is Selene’s main concern.



* * *



Once they were in Krische’s room, Kreschenta and Krische sat on diagonally opposite sofas as Bery brewed tea for them.

Kreschenta stared at her, then at Krische adding plenty of milk to her own tea.

Krische noticed her gaze and also added the same amount of milk to Kreschenta’s tea.

Krische adds a large amount of milk to her tea to lower it to a more suitable temperature, but it is quite a lot more than what most people would add.

Bery looked at Kreschenta in concern. Kreschenta looked embarrassed, but also seemed quite happy.

She happily took a sip.

――their preferences are the same too.

Bery went to stand at her position as a servant as she discovered that similarity and watched them from an appropriate distance.

Kreschenta’s servant, Nora, also stood there without saying a word.

For a while, Kreschenta asked Krische various things about her past.

About how Krische was taken in by the village and raised by Grace and Gorka.

How they were killed by bandits and how Krische was forced to leave the village because she killed those bandits.

How her grandfather left her in the care of his acquaintance and she was adopted.

Krische owes a lot to Bery, Selene and Bogan and she has not been able to repay that debt at all.

She wants to return that debt as much as she can and likes her life in the estate.

That is why she cannot join Kreschenta.

Krische’s explanation was dispassionate.

She did not show her usual dependency on Bery, she did not even glance at Bery.

Krische was expressionless and she spoke matter-of-factly, but it looked to Bery like she is on guard.

After Kreschenta was done with her questions, she stared at her tea for a while, thinking.

“……my visit is also to confirm something, since my uncle seems to have visited the day before yesterday. He might have spoken badly of me. The margrave looked a little troubled.”

And without commenting on Krische’s story, she started talking about something else.

This is the main topic. Bery mentally braced herself as she replied.

“……is that so?”

“Yes, I could see it. Argan-sama, what are the margrave’s intentions?”

There is no way the princess, Kreschenta made the effort to visit them simply because of her stated reason of not letting Krische wander around the castle.

She had come to investigate the reason for the royal prince, Gildanstein’s visit.

She had visited to see Bogan’s reaction.

“……he is not a person that often talks about politics. But……”

“But?”

“The master is a true soldier that fights for the country, a person that disciplines and decides for himself. He always maintains a distance from politics.”

“A true soldier――those are nice words.”

Despite what she said, Kreschenta looked dissatisfied.

Pouting a little, she turned to Krische.

“If onee-sama is going to stay with the margrave, I would have liked for him to be on my side.”

“Krische knows nothing about that.”

“You know that the palace is split into two factions right? It is not good to always be on the backfoot.”

“Kreschenta wants to become king?”

Kreschenta put a hand to her brow when Krische asked that with a puzzled look.

“That way is safer. I am the same as onee-sama, I was in danger of being killed from the time I was born. As a cursed child.”

“Same as Krische?”

“……if not, I would be enjoying a fun life with onee-sama right now. Onee-sama, as a baby, you did not cry right?”

Krische thought a little and nodded.

“Yes. They gave Krische food, so Krische was satisfied.”

“We think like that because we are different from normal people. Normally, babies just cry.”

Kreschenta’s gaze turned to Nora.

“I was able to cry and survive because Nora taught me how to, but it was still quite dangerous. Right, Nora?”

“……my apologies.”

“There is nothing for you to apologise for. Thanks to you, I was not killed and am able to meet onee-sama now.”

Nora silently ducked her head, tightly gripping her own skirt.

“A baby that does not cry will bring calamity upon the royal family――or so the legends say. Something must have happened in the past. Because of that, onee-sama was confined in the tower with Nora in charge of you……apparently our okaa-sama (T/N: Mother) begged for your life.”

In contrast, Kreschenta is calm.

She is only slightly past the age of ten――too composed for her age.

“Otou-sama hesitated and postponed the decision by confining onee-sama in the tower――after okaa-sama got pregnant with me, he decided to dispose of you. Since there is going to be another child, he probably wanted to pretend you never existed.”

“……oh. Krische always thought it was because Krische spoke to Nora-san.”

“Fufu, that is not it. But it seems like Nora has always regretted it……after all, she abandoned onee-sama in the forest as a young child.”

Kreschenta looked at Nora.

Nora trembled and looked down, hiding her face.

A bead of sweat crawled down her cheek.

“……please forgive me, I, I, I……I could not, do anything else, at the time.”

Krische watched her then glanced at Bery.

Bery was looking at Nora with a sad expression.

“I like Nora, but if onee-sama is angry then I am willing to hand Nora over. Do you want her?”

Kreschenta’s voice was flat, cold.

Hand Nora over, meaning Krische can do anything she wants to Nora.

But Krische was not interested.

“Nn…… Krische is not particularly angry. Nora-san petted Krische’s head a lot too.”

“……!”

“It is true Krische got very hungry and almost died, but Krische was taken in by the village anyway……ah, this is fate.”

Kreschenta tiled her head. Krische smiled and held up a finger.

“Krische was abandoned by Nora-san and taken in by the village, then went to the Christand’s estate and is doted on by Bery and Selene. Krische is very satisfied with the current situation, so Krische is not angry.

“……fate.”

“Yes. Krishe might also be living in the palace if Krische could pretend like Kreschenta. But if Krische did that, then Krische would not have such a fun life with Bery and Selene, so Krische is satisfied with the current situation. Right, Bery?”

Bery smiled happily at those words, but Kreschenta pouted.

“Hmmm, so that is how it is for onee-sama?”

“Yes…… Kreschenta is not having fun at all?”

“Yes, not at all. Even if I am the princess, the fact that I was once called a cursed child does not change……I can never relax, I have to be careful of poison in my meals everyday and pretend to be stupid enough to not raise suspicions――onee-sama may be enjoying a carefree life, but it is different for me.”

Kreschenta puffed out her cheeks.

Kreschenta is quite good at talking and showing expression.

Krische has done her best to improve in that aspect, but Kreschenta must have worked even harder.

Krische could understand that, she stood up, moved to sit beside Kreschenta and patted her head.

“Wh, what are you doing……?”

“Patting your head.”

“Th, that is not what I mean……”

Kreschenta blushed, looking at Bery and Nora, but did not say any more and let Krische have her way.

“Kreschenta wants to relax? That is why Kreschenta wants to become king?”

“……is there any other reason?”

“No, just checking. Krische did not really understand why Kreschenta needs Krische…… Kreschenta wants Krische’s help so that Kreschenta can relax?”

“Yes. In exchange, Kreschenta will also make it so that onee-sama can relax.”

Kreschenta spoke as if that was obvious.

Krische calmly listened to her and smiled.

She stroked Kreschenta’s cheek.

“Krische might be able to relax more by killing Kreschenta right now.”

And placed her hand on Kreschenta’s neck.

Krische was still smiling as she calmly said that.

“Krische is a lot stronger when it comes to fighting, but Kreschenta is better at talking and seems to have studied a lot, so Kreschenta could harass Krische a lot.”

The words, the meaning behind them.

There was no pretense, only innocent murderous intent.

Her eyes were cold, as if watching a butterfly caught in her hand.

They were lit only by a cold purple light.

The princess’ eyes were the same――an inhuman purple looking back at Krische.

She knows that if Krische wants to, Krische could easily do it.

If Krische really wanted to kill her, she can only die.

Resigned, she watched, she observed the person who held her life.

“……will you kill me?”

Gains and losses――if their interests do not match, that is the end.

Though she came because there was a good chance of success, Kreschenta had also considered this outcome beforehand but still came.

After a long silence, Krische spoke with a troubled expression.

“Kreschenta seems like Kreschenta will do that if left alone, so Krische thought about it a little. But killing the princess will also cause problems for Krische, so it is very troublesome.”

A twisted conversation――Bery and Nora gulped as they listened.

“So Krische had an idea.”

Krische clasped Kreschenta’s cheeks between her hands and said.

“Kreschenta can just come to the estate too.”

“……eh?”

“Wai, K, Krische-sama……!”

Bery spoke up hastily, but Krische just glanced at her and tilted her head before looking back into Kreschenta’s eyes and continuing.

“That way, Kreschenta does not have to worry about meals because Krische and Bery will be making the meals. Kreschenta does not need to think that Kreschenta is weird. Krische and Bery both sees it as a trait.”

Krische stroked Kreschenta’s cheeks and traced her lips――

“――Krische will pat Kreschenta’s head. Krische will hug Kreschenta and sleep together……Kreschenta just needs to do the same for Krische. That way, both Krische and Kreschenta are satisfied.”

“Er……”

“Kreschenta said Kreschenta wants to be understood and that Kreschenta understands Krische. Krische was taught that a relationship where both try to understand each other and fulfill each other’s wishes, is a very happy and wonderful relationship…… Krische also believes that.”

Krische’s hands slid down as she spoke.

From Kreschenta’s cheeks to her jaw, then coming to rest around Kreschenta’s neck again.

Her fingers traced the soft flesh there and toyed with it.

Their faces were so close their noses were almost touching, but,

“Krische is also uneasy while Kreschenta still feels unpleasant. Krische thinks it might be better to kill Kreschenta instead.”

Her purple eyes were cold and inhuman.

“……but if Kreschenta no longer feels unpleasant then both Krische and Kreschenta can relax right? That way Krische can let Kreschenta relax and Kreschenta can do the same right?”

Kreschenta looked stunned, staring at Krische.

She savoured the feeling of the hands around her throat, then pouted again and glared at Krische.

“I thought this yesterday…..but onee-sama is a little stupid. You are aware that I am the princess?”

“Krische is not stupid. Krische just does not know anything about the palace and just thought about things simply……you don’t like Krische’s idea?”

“……I do not dislike it.”

Kreschenta drew closer and got onto Krische’s lap.

In that position, she hugged Krische and smiled.

“……but, yes. It is not that bad an idea. Onee-sama is telling me to enter the same birdcage right? As long as the birdcage is a nice place where both onee-sama and I can relax it is fine……that way, we can work together to protect that birdcage.”

“Birdcage……”

“It is just a metaphor. Onee-sama really has poor conversation skills.”

Kreschenta giggled as Krische blushed.

“We are the birds. The birdcage can be the palace or the estate. If I dote on the same birds in the same birdcage that onee-sama dotes on, then onee-sama will also be kind to me and protect me……and if anyone tries to do something to our birdcage, we can protect it together――right?”

“Yes, something like that. Kreschenta can just use some reason like studying to come to the estate. It is very simple right?”

Kreschenta nodded and rubbed her cheeks with Krische’s, seeming to be enjoying herself.

“Yes, yes. The theory is very simple. There is any number of problems, but there is a good chance of success. If that is onee-sama’s intention, then I will also do my best for onee-sama.”

“Good girl.”

Krische patted Kreschenta’s head.

Krische has learnt that this is how you treat children.

Kreschenta looked extremely happy and smiled as she ran a hand through Krische’s hair, then narrowed her eyes.

“But I will need some time to prepare. As the princess――as someone fighting for the throne, it is not that simple to visit a margrave.”

“That, well……Krische also understands that.”

“The palace society is a little complicated and really troublesome, so I will deal with that first.”

“What is Kreschenta going to do?”

Kreschenta looked at Krische, then Bery.

“Please do not worry about that. Just some preparations to build a sturdy birdcage.”

“……a sturdy birdcage?”

“I will explain when it is done, so rest assured. More importantly……onee-sama, can I sleep in this position?”

“Fufu, Kreschenta really is a child.”

Krische said the words that are usually said to her and poked Kreschenta’s cheeks when she puffed them out, forcing the air out.

Puhyuu, Kreschenta blushed at the dumb sound she made.

“I……I wanted to try sleeping peacefully, just for once. I have never been able to relax and sleep. Whenever I sleep, I have to worry about being killed.”

Bery saw Kreschenta’s expression and lowered her eyes.

She is the same as Krische.

Their eyes are extremely inhuman――but also sometimes reflective, like glass.

They are aware that they are different from others, but still do their best to fit in and act as desired, simply seeking peace of mind and happiness.

But this ‘small Krische’ is not even allowed simple sleep.

Bery felt an indescribable emotion well up as she took the blanket from the bed and wrapped both of them in it.

“Sleeping like that would not be good for your body.”

Kreschenta looked confused for a moment, then her expression relaxed.

“Argan-sama is a kind person.”

I can see why onee-sama took a liking to you――she said with those inhuman, purple eyes.



* * *



The next day, they left the capital and returned the way they came.

Kreschenta told Bery to stay quiet and only told Bogan on the way out that she wants to come over to the Christand’s estate to play.

Bery hesitated a little on how she should explain things, but Bogan told her not to say anything if the princess had forbidden her, so she kept it to herself.

And as if nothing had happened, they returned to the estate.

Their journey was the same as before and they returned to their normal lives upon arriving at the estate

But a few days later, Bogan received a report that the king has passed away.

The messenger said that it was not due to illness, it was clearly poison. And also that the princess has gone missing.

Bery felt a chill run down her spine when she heard about it, but she did not let it show.

But another few days later――on a rainy night, Bery heard a knock, opened the door and froze when she saw the girl standing there.

“……it has been half a month, Argan-sama.”

Her hair peeked out from her rain-soaked cloak.

That hair shone an elegant gold with a tinge of red.

The face peeking out from the cloak is young and similar to Krische’s――a beautiful fairy that beguiles people.

“The king had been assassinated, the princess fearing her political enemy, the royal prince, sought safety with the loyal subject, margrave Christand whom I got to know at the dinner party. After I confront the royal prince with Christand――with onee-sama and win, I obtain the crown and peace……”

Glistening drops of water dripped off her wet hair as she removed her hood.

In the dark of night, she looked phantasmal, she did not feel real.

“……don’t you think that is a good script? Onee-sama does not need to leave the Christands that she likes, I get to live with onee-sama and the masses will praise me and the Christands.”

Her sweet, cold voice was quiet, but clear despite the sound of rain.

“……I have studied quite a lot. In every age, the key to a stable rule is the support of the masses. The masses are usually docile, but it is always the stories that move them. I wrote this script based on a widespread and familiar story……isn’t it nice?”

――isn’t this the heroic epic that everyone wants?

Kreschenta smiled bewitchingly.



* * *



――Alberan year 457

The great civil war known as the War for the Alberan Crown began not long after the Kingdom defended the invasion from the Elsren Holy Empire.

The gravely ill king Shelbarza was assassinated. The first princess, Kreschenta feared her political rival, the royal prince Gildanstein and sought safety with the hero of that time, Christand.

Gildanstein was infuriated, he claimed that it is all the princess’ plot and asserted his right to the throne. He demanded that Christand hand over the princess.

But before Gildanstein could be crowned, the nobles against him, those of the princess faction claimed that Gildanstain’s faction had assassinated the king and they sided with Christand.

The princess faction was advantageous at that time and had no reason to assassinate the king, they loudly proclaimed Gildanstein to be an usurper of the throne.

The confrontation grew more intense and could not longer be resolved through politics or words――

――The War for the Alberan Crown broke out, splitting the Kingdom into two.

This is the beginning of the war as described in history books.

-End-



* * *



Right in the kokoro





U.E. C.38: A Shame


The Christand estate――parlour.

The rain-soaked Kreschenta had bathed, changed and is now seated here.

Bogan and Selene sat across from her while Bery stood at Kreschenta’s side.

“……you doubt me?”

“No……absolutely not, your highness.”

Bogan shook his head.

The king had been assasinated.

The princess had gone into hiding, then showed up here.

The natural course of action is to shelter her and Bogan does not believe there is any other option.

Without any prior information at all, Gildanstein would appear to be the usurper.

It is completely reasonable to assume that he took the king’s life to take the throne by force.

Kreschenta would be the poor princess caught up in that.

Appointed by the king as his heir, putting her young life at risk――then she showed up here alone.

Her expression looks sad and she seems uneasy.

Kreschenta looked just like a normal, terrified child.

Take her in and take down the ursurper.

It is natural to think like this, but――

‘Be very careful. Kreschenta is merciless if you get in its way. Whether you believe me or not, remember what I said……do not be fooled by appearances.’

Gildanstein’s words replayed in the back of his mind.

In terms of good or bad, Gildanstein would be bad.

Bogan believes that he could even be called evil.

But they had fought together on the battlefield. Bogan knows him.

Gildanstein is extremely pragmatic, he hates useless things and is undoubtedly a good judge of character.

At the very least, he would not say that as a joke.

This is why Bogan is still unable to figure out Kreschenta.

Bery also seemed to be lost in thought and uneasy since Kreschenta’s arrival.

“But I do have a question, why did your highness come to me? Your highness should have other――”

“Because I believed this to be the most suitable choice. I guess you would not know unless I reveal it……it is because of Krische-sama――because of onee-sama.”

“Onee-sama……?”

Selene, who had been sitting quietly beside Bogan, spoke up in a confused tone and Kreschenta smiled in reply.

Everyone but Krische is in this room, she had been left in her room.

“Yes, we are actually sisters. I spoke to Argan-sama about this with onee-sama the other day. I requested that she kept this to herself at that time though.”

Kreschenta’s gaze turned to Bery.

Bery’s eyes wandered a little as she nodded.

“……my apologies.”

“No……it’s fine. That can’t be helped.”

Bogan shook his head.

This is a topic that cannot be carelessly spoken of.

Bogan would also obey if royalty told him to keep something to himself.

“In the royal family, a baby that does not cry is considered a cursed child…… onee-sama was confined and raised in a certain tower on royal land for a few years after her birth, then brought outside and killed――officially. I was surprised when I saw her on the balcony that day. Of course I have never met her……but our faces are very similar and she was staring at that tower.”

Not a lie but not the complete truth.

Kreschenta’s natural tone made even Bery, who knew the truth, almost believe her.

“The servant with me at the time recognised her at a glance. Apparently, she was formerly in charge of caring for onee-sama…… she was also the person that told me about onee-sama. I went to meet her that day because I was elated.”

Kreschenta lowered her eyes sadly.

“I should not have done that……margrave, did oji-sama (T/N: Uncle) perhaps tell you about cursed children?”

“That is……”

“I was also almost killed for not crying when I was born. Of course, because I was seen as a cursed child. It seemed to have been a misunderstanding and I was raised as the princess but……”

“This is just my imagination”, she mentioned before continuing.

“Naturally, Oji-sama would remember what happened back then. Including where onee-sama was to be killed. Our faces are alike……he might have realised onee-sama is the cursed child from back then because I carelessly went to meet onee-sama.”

The way she lowered her eyes was both beautiful and pitiful.

She has not taken a single sip of her tea.

“……Oji-sama must have feared Christand joining my side and, did this, this――this terrible thing.”

Bogan fell into thought, as did Selene.

Bogan trusts Gildanstein.

But Kreschenta sounds convincing.

Bogan had noticed Gildanstein’s strange reaction for an instant when he saw Krische.

He has also felt that Kreschenta and Krische’s appearances are similar and now that he sees her at such a close distance, it is undoubtedly true that they are sisters.

There are no holes in her explanation.

Krsiche is the lost princess and Kreschenta was in the same position as Krische, a cursed child.

If the two joined forces, it is natural to assume that Christand would join the princess’ side.

At least, from Gildanstein’s point of view.

Gildanstein has effectively taken control of the capital.

As justification for himself to take the crown, he would probably declare that Kreschenta was born curse. That is why she assassinated the king.

And also that the reason why Christand would shelter the princess is because of the other cursed child, Krische.

In which case, Bogan would have no choice but to take to the sword to protect Krische, to protect his daughter.

No matter who is right, Bogan is in a position where he has to shelter Kreschenta.

The situation is too perfect and he has been caught up in it.

Regardless of Bogan’s own thoughts, Bogan is forced to act.

Bogan placed a hand on his chin and lowered his eyes as these thoughts ran though his mind.

Selene is aware of Gildanstein’s infamy and found her father’s hesitation strange as she examined Kreschenta.

The more she looked, the more similar Kreschenta looks to Krische.

The royal family’s cursed child, Selene can understand why Krische would be called that.

It makes sense if Krische did not cry when she was a baby and Selene is more aware than anyone else that Krische is not normal.

Selene will not deny that Krische is abnormal.

But she still loves Krische on top of that, so she is not that surprised by the truth Kreschenta revealed.

But there is something else that bothered her.

――Is Kreschenta the same?

Krische, the cursed child’s abnormality is obvious and distinct.

But Kreschenta is different.

She appears young but seems like a proper princess. Compared to Krische, Kreschenta is too perfect.

Kreschenta noticed Selene’s gaze and tilted her head.

“Selene-sama, is something the matter?”

“No……just, Krische and your highness are very alike.”

Their features are very similar.

Since they are sisters, that is natural.

No, but it is not just that――

“……fufu. That makes me happy. It is curious, Kreschenta, Krische, we were raised separately yet we are the same――our names both came from the moon.”

Hearing that, Selene felt something click.

“Selene-sama is the same too. It feels like destiny.”

“Names related to the moon are quite common but……that is true. And your highness is quite knowledgeable.”

“……eh?”

“Krische is an old word from the north that is rarely used.”

Selene means full moon and Kreschenta refers to the crescent moon.

These words are from the old western common language and are relatively common names for nobles.

The name Selene is a wish for a life full of happiness and the name Kreschenta is praise for her beauty.

But the word Krische, meaning ‘incomplete moon’, is apparently from an old barbarian language and is not commonly known.

Even Selene who is well-studied, did not know the origins of that name until Krische told her. The village’s original settlers probably spoke that language.

It is clearly a strange word to include in the education of the royal family that conquered those barbarians.

Of course there is the possibility that Kreschenta happened to see that word in some book.

But it is still curious and Selene instinctively felt that this was not the case.

――Despite being twelve years old, this princess has extensive knowledge and great intelligence.

Just like Krische.

“It is similar so I happened to learn it when looking up the origins of my own name. My memory is quite good.”

And Kreschenta’s eyes, directed at Selene as she spoke proved the point.

Those eyes are extremely similar to those that Krische occasionally shows.

Inhuman――eyes that simply observe.

They quickly turned away, back to Bogan.

“That is the only reason I came here…… I was just an ornament and do not know much about actual politics. That is why……aside from the margrave, who loves onee-sama and treats her like your own daughter, I did not have anywhere else to go.”

“……I understand now. Either way, now that I know of your circumstances, I have no choice but to make a stand to protect Krische. I do think of her as my own daughter……just like Selene.”

No matter what Kreschenta is, that is his only possible conclusion.

He has already been dragged into the quagmire――right into the very middle of it.

Selene also noticed that Kreschenta is not normal but did not object to his decision.

Selene had also come to the same conclusion as Bogan.

“……I will be causing trouble for the margrave. But I promise that I will repay this debt――I swear on the name of Kreschenta Farna Viera Alberan”

“……it is an honour.”



* * *



After the talk, Kreschenta went to Krische’s room, accompanied by Bery.

Kreschenta snuggled up to Krische and looked anxiously at her, who is already dressed in a negligee and ready to go to bed.

“Onee-sama, are you angry?”

“……Krische said Kreschenta can come to the estate but Krische did not say it is okay to drag us into a war.”

“But onee-sama did not say it is not okay either.”

Krische frowned and glared at Kreschenta, making her desperately shake her head.

“……sorry. Please forgive me. I knew that onee-sama would be angry.”

“Then, why?”

“Because……it is not all bad. If I obtain the throne, the Christands will be secured for life and onee-sama can also relax. The margrave can move to the capital as the head of the nobles and general of the army. Even Selene-sama and Argan-sama, onee-sama’s important people will be in the safest place.”

Krische closed her eyes as she calmly calculated the potential gains.

In the long run, it is certainly not bad.

“I am also doing this for onee-sama. In the previous war, if not for the margrave and onee-sama, we would have lost all the southeast territories. There is a limit to what I, or onee-sama can do. If we lose land and troops, we will eventually lose peace. Stabilising this country and having onee-sama at the center of it would be the safest.”

“That……that might be true but”

“Onee-sama is a lot stronger than me. I have never wielded a sword and never studied war. I am a cursed child, I had to be careful to not draw suspicion by showing interest in strange things……but instead, I can see things from a wider perspective and in the long run better than onee-sama.”

Krische looked into Kreschenta’s eyes and thought for a moment, then embraced her.

“……okay. Krische will not be angry anymore about this. But next time please say it beforehand. Krische does not like this kind of things.”

“Of course. I will not do it again.”

Kreschenta breathed a sigh of relief and leaned her head on Krische’s chest.

“……er, your highness.”

“Kreschenta is fine. You can’t call me that in public anyway.”

“Yes, Kreschenta-sama……er, where is Nora-sama?”

“She died.”

“Does that……er.”

“I did not kill her.”

Kreschenta lifted her head a little as she said that.

Her expression was blank, unreadable.

“I escaped with Nora and we were together for part of the way. Since we travelled in a disguised carriage, there was also other soldiers.”

“Which means, you were attacked?”

“Yes, that is part of it……well, that is how we were separated from the soldiers, but the day before I arrived, she asked me to let her die.”

“Let her die……?”

Kreschenta nodded.

“I had taken quite a liking to her. Really. When I was a baby and was almost killed because I did not cry, Nora was the one that desperately hit me and shouted at me to teach me to cry……it seems she has always regretted abandoning onee-sama in the forest.”

She spoke with vacant eyes, leaning back into Krische.

“Apparently she also could not endure the fact that I killed otou-sama(T/N: father)……I do not really understand why she died. She said that once she is sure that I can reach this estate, she wanted to die and atone for her sins.”

“……that, is”

“……I do not know about onee-sama, but I have used various means to kill those in my way since I was young. If not, I would be killed. But back then I was poor at it and there were times when it was precarious……at those times, Nora helped me.”

She spoke in a nostalgic way, but also seemed confused.

“This time was the same right? I have always explained to Nora why I do it. Nora always understood, but this time”

Bery could not endure it and lowered her eyes.

Nora had a guilty conscience, but did it for Kreschenta.

If Krische was like Kreschenta――Bery might also have done the same.

“……Nora-sama must have loved Kreschenta-sama.”

“Then why did she die? If she loved me, then doesn’t it make more sense to live for me? There is no meaning in saying please find happiness then dying, so she should have done that.”

“She must have always had a guilty conscience. She did it for Kreschenta-sama, but she still felt guilty, so she did that before arriving at this estate.”

“You haven’t even spoken properly with Nora……yet you speak as if you understand her.”

“……I do. Because I served by Krische-sama’s side.”

Bery closed her eyes and calmed her breathing.

It may be rude, but if she does not say this, things will not change.

Nora must have hoped that her death would have that effect――that is what Bery believes.

“For Kreschenta-sama, there was no choice. It was necessary. Even now, I believe Kreschenta-sama does not think of it as a sin. But in Kreschenta-sama’s place, Nora-sama took on that sin as her own and atoned with her death……including Kreschenta-sama’s share.”

“…………”

“People get angry if the person they love is insulted. They feel sad if that person is scorned and are happy when that person is praised. Similarly, when the person you love commits a sin, it is painful. It might not have affected Kreschenta-sama, but, it must have been painful for Nora-sama.”

Bery knelt in front of Kreschenta and gently touched her shoulder.

“Because I feel that way about Krische-sama, I can understand. Krische-sama is a kind person. But like Kreschenta-sama, her way of thinking is different from normal. Like Kreschenta-sama, she might also unknowingly sin.”

“Bery……?”

Bery smiled wryly as she patted Krische’s head.

“No matter what sins Krische-sama commits, I will always love Krische-sama. But still, it is very painful when a person I love commits a sin, even unknowingly, so I have taught Krische-sama various things to avoid that……I just want Krische to live happily without committing any sins.”

She then turned to Kreschenta.

“But if that cannot be avoided, then it is my responsibility for failing to guide her properly, so I will atone for that sin in her place. The same as Nora-sama.”

“As Nora……?”

“……yes. She loved Kreschenta-sama and took on all of Kreschenta-sama’s sins as her own. I believe that she hoped that from now on, Kreschenta-sama can find happiness without committing any more sins. She will take responsibility for all the sins of the past.”

Kreschenta lowered her eyes as she thought, then pouted.

She frowned as she looked back up at Bery.

“You say the same things as Nora. You two really are selfish. Worrying about things that I don’t care about.”

“Humans are selfish creatures, Kreschenta-sama. People do what they believe is good. Even this time, Kreschenta-sama believes it would be good for Krische-sama and caused this……conflict, right?”

“Uuu……”

Kreschenta clung to Krische, as if escaping from Bery’s words but Krische pinched her cheek.

“Bery is Krische’s teacher, so you have to listen to her.”

“……onee-sama’s teacher?”

“Yes. Krische can understand what Bery is saying. Because Krische loves Bery, it is unpleasant and Krische does not like it when Bery is made light of. This is empathy……er, hm? Seems different……”

“Y, yes……that is different but, fufu……thank you.”

Bery smiled awkwardly then turned to Kreschenta again.

“Excuse me for my rudeness, but Kreschenta-sama appears to be poor at understanding other people’s feelings, like Krische-sama. Kreschenta-sama judges based only on how people act right?”

“……what else is there to judge from?”

“Just like how Kreschenta-sama thinks about Krische-sama, there is a deeper part. Kreschenta-sama said that Kreschenta-sama can understand Krische-sama the best. If Kreschenta-sama can understand Krische-sama, then I believe Kreschenta-sama can also understand other people.”

Kreschenta thought for a while, then sighed.

“It is a waste of time. Everyone other than onee-sama are idiots. What’s the point of doing that?”

“Because including me, the world is full of those idiots that Kreschenta-sama speaks of.”

Bery smiled as she answered.

“In order to conduct yourselves well in this world, would it not be better for Kreschenta-sama to learn how to perceive and understand how those idiots feel?”

“……I understand the logic. But why explain all that to me?”

“Because Kreschenta-sama wishes to stay with Krische-sama…… as I said, I love Krische-sama.”

Bery then leaned right over Kreschenta’s head and kissed Krische.

Kreschenta’s eyes opened wide in surprise and she froze. Krische was surprised that Bery did that right in front of Kreeschenta but still smiled happily.

“I am willing to risk my life for Krische-sama……to put it in a way easy for Kreschenta-sama to understand, I do not care about Kreschenta-sama. To me, whether Krische-sama is happy is most important. If Kreschenta-sama makes my beloved Krische-sama unhappy, then Kreschenta-sama would be a hinderance.”

“……you’ve said it.”

Kreschenta’s smile widened as she glared at Bery.

Bery felt like a frog glared at by a snake, but still returned the look with a smile.

“No looking at Bery like that.”

“Unyu……”

Krische squished Kreschenta’s cheeks between her hands.

“Wh, what are you doing……”

“That is Krische’s line. Krische already said that Krische will kill Kreschenta if Kreschenta lays a hand on Bery.”

“Uuu……I just glared at her.”

Bery laughed softly, then spoke, her eyes wandering a little in embarrassment.

“It is a little, er…… embarrassing to say this but. Krische-sama loves me too. It is mutual…… I have no power. But I can ask Krische-sama this question. If I were to hate Kreschenta-sama and we cannot reconcile no matter what, would Krische-sama choose me or Kreschenta-sama?”

“Bery.”

“Eh……?”

An immediate answer. Kreschenta stared at Krische, stunned.

Krsiche tilted her head.

“After all, Bery taught Krische a lot of things, pats Krische’s head, kisses Krische, sleeps with Krische……does a lot of things that makes Krische happy. Krische owes her more than can ever be repayed.”

“I, I can understand onee-sama the best! And even I could……”

“Bery also properly understands what kind of person Krische is and does her best to understand Krische. Rather then just understanding each other, it is more important to work to understand each other, that creates the best relationships.”

Bery smiled happily and nodded.

“I might not be able to understand Krische-sama as well as Kreschenta-sama……but, I believe I will be able to make Krische-sama the happiest. That is why I taught Krische-sama various things, so that she can find happiness in this world full of those the idiots Kreschenta-sama speaks of.”

“……even I could――”

“――and if Kreschenta-sama wants to be together with Krische-sama to seek happiness, I would also like to teach Kreschenta-sama many things such that Kreschenta-sama can find the same happiness as Krische-sama…… no, not that I want to. This is my duty.”

“……duty?”

“Yes. Since Krische-sama is finding happiness is this world full of idiots, I also have to do my best to help Kreschenta-sama find happiness in a world full of idiots.”

Kreschenta glared at Bery in dissatisfaction, but Bery just patted her head.

Kreschenta immediately tried to brush her hand away but was stopped by Krische and could only be patted.

“It is okay for Kreschenta-sama to sincerely wish to kill me from the bottom of your heart. But Krische-sama will protect me. If Kreschenta-sama wants to kill me, the best shortcut would be to make Krische-sama love you a lot more than me……so until then, I will fulfill my duty.”

“……ah, Kreschenta, no poison either. If Bery’s condition suddenly worsens for unknown reasons, Krische will treat it as Kreschenta’s doing.”

“Uuu……”

Bery had not thought of that. Bery felt some cold sweat roll down the back of her neck and let out a breath.

“That is all I want to say for now. Please forgive my rudeness.”

“……if this was the palace, Argan-sama would have lost your head.”

“This is our estate.”

Bery smiled and gently pressed a finger to Kreschenta’s lips.

Kreschenta could not resist because Krische still held her hands and could only glare back in embrassment.

Bery smiled again, then stripped off her apron dress and took her negligee from a shelf.

“……it is already late, let us rest for today. Would Kreschenta-sama like to change too? Krische-sama’s old one should fit.”

“Fine.”

Kreschenta seemed to have accepted things for now. Bery removed Kreschenta’s clothes and helped her change, then got dressed herself.

Then she and Krische led Kreschenta to the bed.

“Er, Argan-sama too……?”

“E, err, yes……I usually sleep with Krische-sama.”

“……you said you love her and, er, ki, kissed, do you and onee-sama, er――”

“Th, there is nothing like what you imagine.”

“……it is really suspicious when you deny it so desperately.”

“There is nothing suspicious.”

Bery got them both in bed before getting in herself.

The bed is quite large and fit the three of them easily.

“Ah……”

“We just hug like this, and sleep. Krische-sama likes this and so do I. Is it not the same for Kreschenta-sama?”

Bery embraced Krische and Kreschenta together, with them facing each other.

Kreschenta hesitated a little, then relaxed back into Bery.

“……it is, not bad. It is warm.”

“Fufu, Kreschenta-sama is not honest like Krische-sama. How about Krische-sama?”

“Kreschenta’s chest is flat so that side is nicer.”

“Uuu……”

Bery laughed softly and patted Kreschenta’s head.

“From today, would Kreschenta-sama like to sleep together like this everyday? This way you should be able sleep soundly.”

“……I would rather sleep alone with onee-sama. I cannot sleep soundly with the fear that Argan-sama will do something weird.”

“I, I will not……”

Bery sighed, then embraced them tighter.

“……come on. Please stop saying strange things and rest. At the very least, you can relax more than when you had to fear for your life.”

“Well……I will leave it at that.”

Soon, they heard Krische’s sleeping breaths and Kreschenta stroked Krische’s head in exasperation.

Bery stroked Kreschenta’s head in turn and whispered to her.

“……I believe Nora-sama also wanted to treat Kreschenta-sama like this and let Kreschenta-sama relax. I believe she helped Kreschenta-sama because she wanted to resolve Kreschenta-sama’s anxiety. So that Kreschenta-sama can relax and rest.”

“…………”

“It is the truth that she loved Kreschenta-sama and did so much for Kreschenta-sama that her guilty conscience made her choose death. That might be stupid. But……I would like Kreschenta-sama to remember that Nora-sama did love Kreschenta-sama.”

Kreschenta gently patted Krische as she replied quietly.

“……you say good night then say all that, do you want me to sleep or do you want to talk?”

“Fufu, my apologies.”

“I learn fast. And I do feel that……it is a shame.”

Bery felt Kreschenta’s body relax as she said that.

Bery’s eyes widened, then breathed a sigh of relief and tightened her embrace around the two of them.

“……excuse me for my impertinence.”

-End-



* * *



Bery just asserting her dominance.





U.E. C.39: The Baby that Cried


Baby that does not cry, cursed child.

Those were the words repeated around her when she was born.

She did not know the meaning of those words and only heard them as sounds.

Her memories began with a crazed, screaming voice.

Cry, cry, you must cry, cry, you have to cry.

An annoying sound.

When she opened her eyes, there was always someone there.

A woman, standing by her side, repeating the same thing.

The woman slapped her cheeks while tears flowed from her eyes.

“Cry, please cry, I beg you.”

The woman pointed at her own eyes and kept repeating that.

It was painful, unpleasant. The woman kept doing that even as her voice grew hoarse, so she tried copying the woman and shed some tears.

The woman seemed relieved, then started making a strange sound loudly, “Aaah, aaah”, again and again.

This time she knew what the woman was trying to do and copied her.

The woman repeated that many times, teaching her that this is crying.

She was taught to cry when told to, so many times that she got sick of it.

After a while, a lot of people came and she was told to cry.

When she did as she was told, they rejoiced.



* * *



After that, she was named Kreschenta.

The woman took care of Kreschenta and taught her words before she learnt to crawl.

Kreschenta learnt quickly and was able to hold a simple conversation before she could stand, but the woman told her not to talk in front of others.

Kreschenta was too smart.

The woman said that there are steps for everything and if Kreschenta skipped those steps too quickly, she would be killed.

The woman repeatedly told her that there is nobody as smart as Kreschenta in this world, so she has to pretend to be an idiot to blend into this world of idiots.

When you see flowers, smile.

Show interest in love stories and heroic epics, occasionally show reluctance during lessons, be selfish.

The woman, Nora, taught Kreschenta how to act like a princess and also told her about her sister.

About how her sister was treated and then killed.

Nora said that she did not want that to happen to Kreschenta.

Nora cried, apologising for abandoning Kreschenta’s sister.

She was a woman that cried a lot.

――The only one the same as her in this world of idiots.

Kreschenta wanted to meet her sister.

If she was with her sister, she would not need to keep up this stupid act and could relax.

She did not like this stupid world or Nora who had abandoned her sister.

She did not know if her sister is alive or dead.

Nora said that she had told Kreschenta’s sister to walk in the direction of a nearby village and let her go.

Did her sister make it? Was she taken in and raised without being killed off?

The more she thought about it, the more hopeless Kreschenta felt, but there was still a chance and she spent her free time imagining what kind of person her sister would be.

But even that was not allowed.

She had too many other things to think of.

Kreschenta is royalty, but that does not mean she can relax.

There are many problems if she is to survive. Her birth was not good, she is known as a cursed child.

The best method for Kreschenta is to become queen.

But there are others in line for the throne and Kreschenta had two younger brothers at the time.

Since males have priority in the line of succession, Kreschenta is at a disadvantage and there is a good chance she would be wedded off.

Even if she opposed them, there is the chance that they would hear the rumours that she is a cursed child and use it against her if they wish for the throne.

If they have children, then there would be even more competition.

Their father, the king has a difficult time bearing children, but that might not be the case for them.

The first problem is marriage.

Getting married and having to give birth is out of the question.

Going through immense pain and the risk of death to leave offspring is ridiculous.

And since the child born would be an idiot that makes it even more pointless.

In order to avoid that, there is a need to reduce the number of royal children early on.

If she is the only princess, then she would not be wedded off.

She killed her two brothers, leaving a period of time in between.

No one would think a girl four or five years of age did it.

Nobody suspected Kreschenta――but as Kreschenta relaxed, Nora noticed the second time.

But when Kreschenta explained to her that unless she did this, she could not sleep in peace, Nora seemed to understand.

Kreschenta was always uneasy about when she would be killed for being a cursed child.

If people openly showed it in their expressions, Kreschenta could know.

But Kreschenta cannot tell what they are thinking behind their smiles.

Even thought she acts as a proper princess now, there are many that realised Kreschenta is not normal when her acting was still poor.

Each and everyone of them was a source of anxiety and Kreschenta killed them off.

Nora helped her.

Kreschenta poisoned the king to obtain the throne earlier and also tried to kill the royal prince, but Gildanstein seemed to suspect Kreschenta and it did not work.

Since Gildanstein’s conduct is poor, Kreschenta used that to gain allies and bided her time.

――then the previous day, she coincidentally met her sister.

Her eyes were different.

They were intelligent and logical, just as Kreschenta imagined.

When Kreschenta tried showing a little killing intent, she was the only one that responded and looked at Kreschenta.

Kreschenta went to meet and spoke with her, she was poor at acting and seemed more stupid than imagined――but she is Kreschenta’s older sister.

There is only the two of them.

She could perfectly understand what Kreschenta was thinking.

She was clearly more skilled than Kreschenta in certain areas and Kreschenta could immediately tell that she would die if Kreschenta ever made an enemy of her.

This is the first time Kreschenta had felt that since the time she was unable to move her body properly.

Her sister is not able to conduct herself as well as Kreschenta in this world.

Instead, she is extremely strong and pure, a superior individual.

As expected of her only sister.

With her, Kreschenta would be able to relax.

What would be the best way to get around their various circumstances so she can live with her sister?

Kreschenta thought about it and acted.

“Fuu, I hate traveling. But I will be with onee-sama by tomorrow.”

“……will Kreschenta-sama, finally be able to find happiness?”

“Nn……yes. Onee-sama might get a little angry, but, fufu, she will understand. She is my onee-sama after all.”

“That……is wonderful.”

They were walking down a deserted path in a forest.

They took a small break. Nora does not have as much stamina as Kreschenta.

Kreschenta stood up after resting for a while and started walkin――

“……? Let’s go.”

But Nora did not follow.

Nora’s eyes were cast down as she shook her head.

“What’s wrong, are you injured? Well, that’s fine, I will just carry you then.”

“No……that is not it.”

“Then are you feeling unwell? If we rest here then we will only arrive the day after tomorrow……well, one day won’t make a difference. Nora has treated me well. I can indulge you a little. I am in a very good mood right now.”

“……no, that is……not it.

――I would like to resign.”

Kreschenta frowned at those sudden words, then glared at Nora.

“What, you hate me now?”

“No, that is definitely not the reason……”

“Then why would you say that. You are in charge of caring for my needs. It is your duty to follow your master where she goes.”

“……yes. But, since we have made it this far, I believe Kreschenta-sama can relax. Er……with Krische, sama, Kreschenta-sama can also sleep in peace. With the various causes for concern resolved, I believe Kreschenta can finally find happiness.”

“What are you talking about?”

Kreschenta tilted her head, but Nora just smiled sadly.

“That is why I have decided to die to atone for Kreschenta-sama’s sins. Killing the king, the princes, many others――it is not Kreschenta-sama’s fault. It is my sin for not being able to teach your highness what I should have.”

“……you understood too right? And I do not see what that has anything to do with dying. The law is simply rules, it is not a crime if not discovered. There is no need to care about such pointless things.”

(T/N: Word used here means both crime and sin, 罪.)

“But I have watched Kreschenta-sama commit those sins. By your highness’ side, all along.”

“Then isn’t the normal response to report it to the proper authorities?”

Nora nodded.

“Yes, but I could not. I could understood why your highness did it. But a sin is a sin and must be paid for eventually……Kreschenta-sama must be judged. But I am the only one that knows and I also know that Kreschenta-sama did not commit them out of malice……when a starving child resorts to stealing, how could anyone call it a sin?”

Tears spilled from Nora’s eyes and she wiped them away.

This woman cries a lot. Even if Kreschenta orders her not to cry, Nora would still cry.

So troublesome and unpleasant, but Kreschenta had given up on that and kept Nora by her side.

At the very least, this woman is devoted to her.

“That is why, in exchange, I decided I will atone for Kreschenta-sama’s sins. From now on, Kreschenta-sama can find happiness. Kreschenta-sama can finally relax and sleep. So there is no longer any need for Kreschenta-sama to commit any more sins.”

Nora raised her head and looked at Kreschenta, the remaining tears spilling down her cheeks.

“I believe that Kreschenta-sama can simply live happily, without committing any more sins. That is why I will pay for the sins of the past, I want Kreschenta-sama to find happiness without shouldering any sins.”

“……that is a selfish reason.”

It is selfish.

But she cannot do anything about it.

Because Nora is an idiot, she cannot think about the gains and losses.

This woman is also one of those idiots and Kreschenta cannot understand what she is thinking.

That is a common occurrence, and this is the usual result.

“My apologies……but, I believe this is for the best.”

Nora stepped closer and kissed Kreschenta on the cheek.

Kreschenta just let her do as she liked.

“Would you feel it is a shame to lose me?”

“……I will. You have been quite useful and I have taken a liking to you.”

Hearing Kreschenta’s unhappy reply, Nora smiled happily and closed her eyes.

“Just hearing those words……makes me happy. Kreschenta-sama, may you find happiness too.”

After saying that, Nora walked off.

After some time, Kreschenta followed, and found Nora kneeling, a knife in her heart.

For some reason, Kreschenta stared for a while, then dug a hole and buried her.

It was not that Kreschenta wanted to give her a burial.

It was just that it would be troublesome if she were found.



* * *



――she woke up feeling something soft on her cheek.

She could feel her sister behind her.

Something was stroking her head, something warm, comfortable.

“……have you woken up?”

Kreschenta understood the situation after hearing that whisper.

She had been hugging Bery in her sleep.

Once she realised that, her face grew hot and she closed her eyes without moving.

“Fufu, are you embarassed? Krische-sama was the same at the start. It is still early, so you can still sleep.”

Her face grew even hotter, but she stayed still to avoid waking her sister.

“……among the things I want to teach you, this is the first. Please presume upon me. I like pampering, so both of us would be happy.”

Bery spoke in a gentle tone while patting her head.

Despite the comfortable feeling, Kreschenta also felt embrassed. She felt embarrassed for sleeping so deeply.

She had been defenseless.

After a while, Bery spoke again.

“Yesterday night, I spoke arrogantly……but in reality, I want to get along with Kreschenta-sama. If we are to live together, then it is more enjoyable to get along. So please allow me to pamper you like this.”

“……you, are weird.”

“I am often told that. But is not a weird person like me more to your liking? At the very least, it is to Krische-sama’s liking.”

Kreschenta did not answer.

She just buried her face in Bery’s chest and muttered.

“When I was a lot smaller, I slept with Nora like this.”

“That……must have been very comfortable.”

“Well……maybe.”

Kreschenta recalled those times and closed her eyes.

“……I see.”

Bery just stroked her head and whispered, “Good night.”

-End-



* * *



Sorry for delay, translating this was just too painful.





U.E. C.40: Worried Sister


“As you all know, an evil ursurper took the king’s life. Our king was young, but he demonstrated exceptional talent――one day, he would have been renowned and remembered as a wise ruler. This is also something you are all aware of.”

His voice was amplified by magic, reaching far and wide.

Slightly north of Gurgain, where the estate is located――lies fort Belgash.

Bogan spoke from atop its walls.

Ranks of soldiers lined the wide plains――a large army of almost twenty thousand.

The fort could not contain them, so they all stood outside the walls.

They all held their right hand to their left chest as they looked up at Bogan and the girl standing next to him.

The girl’s long golden hair glittered red in the sun and wavered in the wind blowing through the plains.

Her one-piece dress and cloak, too modest for a princess, displayed her current predicament, chased by the palace.

Kreschenta Farna Viera Alberan.

The Alberan Kingdom’s first princess stood beside Bogan.

“I swear upon my life that I am just a sword. If the palace is to be split over the succession of the crown, then I have always watched for enemies that might strike during the confusion. I am a soldier like all of you, I have sworn to myself to be one. My blade was never meant to be turned on the capital, only on enemies――but seeing as the evil Gildanstein has taken the king’s life and shamelessly claimed the throne, I cannot remain as a mere sword.”

He paused and looked around.

“I am the Kingdom’s sword――the king’s sword. And the king is standing next to me――the king is none other then the first princess, Kreschenta Farna Viera Alberan. As the king’s sword, I will choose my rightful wielder. And I will be her sword――what about you!”

Bogan drew the sword at his waist and pointed it at the sky.

The following cheers shook the ground as the soldiers also drew their swords and raised them to the sky.

Amidst the unending cheers, Bogan raised a hand.

The cheers receded like the tide and silence returned.

“……thank you. Rather than any of the thousand heroes of history, I am prouder to wield my sword beside all of you….. it has not been long since the war where we defended the Kingdom from the Empire. Most have not had the time to enjoy the peace that we protected.”

Bogan then bowed his head.

The soldiers stirred.

To soldiers, the general is their highest-ranking superior.

“……but you have drawn your swords for justice and gathered to me, for this I am very grateful. I make this stand not as a general, but as a single man――as another citizen that loves our country and loves peace. So as a single man, let me thank you all. Thank you for leaving your families, your homes and come to stand before me now.”

He raised his head.

The soldiers were silent as Bogan spoke to them.

“I swear upon the name of Bogan Argalitte Vezrinea Christand――the name granted to me by the late king, that I will repay this debt. I vow to the twelve gods that I will bring you victory and glory……if you would believe in my words and follow me――swear upon your swords.”

He raised his sword to the sky again.

“――to the new queen and the gods.”

The cheers were louder than before as he sheathed his sword.

He then put his right fist to his left chest――his thumb pointing at his heart.

After saluting, he turned away.

Kreschenta followed him, smiling.

“That was a wonderful speech. Their excitement was palpable.”

“It is a scam. I am telling them to die for honour.”

They descended the stairs and found Selene and Krische waiting for them.

“Selene, as I said before, the utmost priority is taking the dragon’s maw. You are in charge of the remaining recruitment and training, as well as guarding the princess.”

“Yes, I understand. The hole that corps commander Velraigh left behind is large.”

Nozan Nerule Wulferinea Velraigh.

The former commander of the corps that was said be the strongest in the powerful Christand army, he was assigned to the east and most of his subordinates in the first corps followed him.

The transfer was already completed during the conferring of decorations, so he cannot be recalled by this point.

Though they achieved a great victory, Nozan has to deal with the aftermath of the occupation of the eastern territories as well as guard against the Empire.

He is devoted to Bogan and would definitely join Bogan’s side, but he cannot be counted on for military strength in the current situation.

Some of his subordinates stayed in the north, but they are in no state to be deployed as an army.

“If the center is unified, it is possible to raise an army of sixty thousand. In order to keep the chaos and damage to a minimum, I want to end things quickly but……they are also aware of this. There may be problems with the royal prince’s personality, but he is decisive and steady on the battlefield. His ability is undoubtable. He will probably try to suppress us at the dragon’s maw.”

“Would pushing straight to the capital be difficult?”

“It might be possible if their confusion drags on longer than expected. We also have to be wary of the movements of general Hilkintos in the west and general Garhka in south. As for the Arna Empire……I cannot predict at all.”

Less than a week has passed since Kreschenta’s arrival.

Bogan had conducted an emergency mobilisation, calling in the reserves and reorganising the army.

He is rushing to secure the kingdom’s northern fortress, the “Dragon’s maw”.

No matter how things turn out, the princess’ side has a high chance of being at a numerical disadvantage and must secure this location.

Otherwise, Gildanstein can secure a beachhead to the north and overwhelm them with the population of the central territories.

Once the dragon’s maw is taken, enormous amounts of blood must be spilled to retake it.

“Your highness, what does your highness think about the Empire?”

“I have only visited once two years ago. Did you see the correspondence?”

“Yes.”

“At this stage, I doubt they will be an enemy……they seemed quite smart. For better and for worse.”

“So there is a high chance they will join the winning side?”

“Yes. That is likely. I could pay them a visit……but the Kingdom’s conflict would also cause problems for the Empire, so they are unlikely to act until they are sure which side would win. This is not absolute though.”

“I guess there is no point worrying about it.”

Bogan muttered, closing his eyes for a moment before speaking again.

“Selene, be careful of the movements of our surroundings. If you have to act independently, absolutely do not force yourself to protect everything. If there is movement in the west or north, there will be a limit to what you can protect.”

“……yes, otou-sama.”

“Krische, can I ask you to support Selene?”

“Yes, master.”

Bogan nodded and placed a hand on Krische’s and Selene’s heads.

“Both of you are more talented than I am. Do not try to accomplish the impossible. At worst, take the princess and Bery and go into hiding.”

“……no thank you otou-sama, don’t say such ominous things.”

“Of course I don’t intend to let that happen. I am not boasting when I say I have excellent subordinates――I will be off then. I leave the rest to you, Christand army’s first corps commander.”

“……yes, general Christand.”

They faced each other, put their hands to their chest and saluted.



* * *



In the carriage on the way home.

Krische was constantly glancing outside, at Selene atop her horse, while Kreschenta watched Krische curiously from the opposite seat.

“Onee-sama, what are you worried about?”

“Selene. She seems very anxious.”

“Death is part of soldiering after all.”

Krsiche stared at Kreschenta, then nodded.

“Even Krische knows that is their job. But Krische also kind of understands Selene’s feelings.”

“……?”

“Bery has said that Krische is a lot stronger mentally than other people. Krische thinks Kreschenta is also the same and very strong mentally.”

Krische closed her eyes as she reminisced.

“When Kaa-sama, who took care of Krische in the village, was killed, Krische found it a great shame. Krische liked her a lot.”

“……shame.”

“Has Kreschenta also felt that way about something before?”

“Yes, but……”

Kreschenta thought of Nora as Krische smiled at her.

“At those times, other people find it a much much greater shame than we do. They feel a very strong feeling of disappointment. Bery said that is the feeling of sadness. Krische does not know what Selene is feeling, but Krische can imagine the feeling of great disappointment. Krische can also imagine not wanting to experience that. So Krische believes Krische can understand.”

Kreschenta stared blankly at Krische.

Krische glanced at Selene with a troubled look, then hesitated, her eyes wandering.

“Krische also loves Selene. That is why Krische does not like seeing Selene anxious and wants to assure her. But Krische is not good at talking like Bery or Kreschenta, so Krische does not know what to say……”

She lowered her eyes.

Those gem-like eyes.

She looked like a doll, but one made to express sadness.

“……Krische is useless. Selene always tries to understand Krische and make Krische happy, but Krische……”

Kreschenta crouched in front of Krische and cupped her cheek.

She stroked Krische’s white cheek, staring into those amethyst eyes framed by long silver lashes.

“Onee-sama is a very kind and wonderful person. Please do not make that face……is it my fault?”

“Krische already said that Krische will not be angry about that.”

“……even if onee-sama is not angry, I don’t want onee-sama to hate me. Especially since we finally got together.”

Krische’s eyes widened a little in surprise, then she smiled and patted Kreschenta’s head.

“Kreschenta decided to do that for Krische’s sake right? Then Krische will not be angry about it. Krische will not hate Kreschenta because of it.”

Krische recalled the words that had made her happy and said them to Kreschenta.

Krische did this because she felt that the feelings Kreschenta has for her, are the same feelings she has for Bery.

“……but Krische still likes it better when Selene and Bery are having fun instead of feeling anxious.. So that is a bit of a shame.”

“……onee-sama.”

“Kreschenta said Kreschenta is Krische’s younger sister. Krische knows that Bery and Selene sees and loves Krische as a younger sister. So like the two of them, Krische will also love Kreschenta.”

Declaring that, Krische clasped Kreschenta’s cheeks between her hands and kissed her on the lips.

Kreschenta froze, her face turning beet-red.

“Ehehe, did Kreschenta know? Kissing is an expression of love.”

Bery had openly kissed Krische in front of Kreschenta.

So Krische assumed that means Kreschenta is an exception.

“Wh, who taught you that……?”

“Bery. Recently, we have been kissing like this to express our love. Er……does Kreschenta not like doing it, with Krische?”

“E, e, er……”

Kreschenta was raised with a relatively proper education in the palace.

Naturally, she knows the meaning behind a kiss and that it is clearly not normal for two young girls to do it.

“Krische, thought that Kreschenta also loved Krische so……if not then Krische will no――”

“Th, that’s true! Uuu……what kind of education did Bery give her……”

Why didn’t Bery correct this abnormal habit.

Does she really look at Krische that way?

Kreschenta had started to trust Bery a little, but strengthened her guard again. However, she could not reject Krische.

No matter the means, Kreschenta is happy that Krische is sincerely trying to accept her and this also appears to be a innocent expression of love for Krische.

Of course Kreschenta could not refuse and also feels that it is necessary to go along with this to make up for what Kreshcenta had done.

“……that’s great.”

“Nn……”

Krische kissed Kreschenta again. Krische is a kissing fiend.

Kreschenta’s eyes wavered, then glared at Krische.

“O, onee-sama, er……has Argan-sama done anything indecent to you? Like excessively touching your chest or butt.”

“Indecent……? Ah, we wash each other everyday――”

“Ex, explain everything about how you usually wash each other. Onee-sama might not have realised, but that might have been horribly shameful and unforgivable――”

That evening, Bery was thoroughly lectured by Kreschenta about the distance between her and Krische.

-End-





U.E. C.41: Selection


Author’s note: 寸(sun)= approx 3cm、尺(shaku)= approx 30 cm、間(ken)＝6尺（approx１．８ｍ）

T/N: Author uses these old Japanese measurements in this chapter, I will translate them as 寸(sun)=Inch, 尺(shaku)=feet and 間(ken)=2 yards for readability, but note that these are NOT accurate translations, just the closest lengths the (layman) English language has to offer. For anyone interested, it’s called Shakkanho.



* * *



“From the closest, red, blue, yellow, yellow, yellow, yellow, blue.”

“Yes ma’am. Pass your swords to the person behind and go to the locations you were told! Double time!”

They are not at the training grounds in town, they are in fort Belgash, where Bogan had made his speech.

Fort Belgash is located at the center of the northern territories, slightly south of Gurgain, where the estate is located.

It is a large fortress with a maximum capacity of ten thousand.

As befitting a fort at the center of the north, it is surrounded by solid walls over 60 feet in height, deep moats and countless watchtowers.

The four imposing gates facing in each cardinal direction were made of many layers of thick wooden boards.

At an open field within the fort――Krische was seated on a chair in her usual one-piece dress and cloak, drinking sweetened tea and snacking on cookies while she sorted soldiers.

Seven veteran examiners stood in a row and a long line stretched out before them.

Most are commoners who have volunteered.

A numbered wooden tag hung around their necks as they waited for their turn to have a go at the examiners with a blunt training sword.

Krische observed them and sorted them according to their physique and ability.

Red are those with excellent swordsmanship.

They will be given a small shield, a six-foot-long javelin and a long sword. They will become light infantry and will be mainly used as reserve forces.

Blue are those with good physique.

They will be given a sturdy great shield, an eight-foot-long spear, a short sword and leather armour that covers their entire torso. They will become heavy infantry and make up the center of the battle line.

Yellow are the remaining who are average or slightly below.

They will be given a shield and a leather breastplate with either a six-yard-long pike or a short sword and a spear according to their height, depending on their physique and the situation. They can be easily deployed as standard infantry or pikemen, forming the majority of the battle line.

The reach of a weapon generally translates into an advantage, but aside from the light infantry, they will all be given short swords.

In a clash between two battle lines, there will be no space to swing a long weapon, so short weapons which are more maneuverable can offer a greater advantage in the packed battle line.

So though the length of spears may change with the battlefield, most swords remain short.

Light infantry do not take part in the battle line, instead they are used for flank and rear attacks or to deal with archers and cavalry. Their role is to force the enemy into a melee, so they use a longsword and javelin instead of a short sword.

The infantry forming most of the battle line use short swords, spears matching their height or pikes to fight enemy infantry and cavalry.

The core of the battle line, the heavy infantry with their great shields and armour form a solid, dense formation, but must always be in a position where they can be supported by archers to make up for their lack of reach, only then can they achieve a perfect defense.

There was a period when the phalanx, a close formation of pikes resembling a hedgehog, was unmatched in direct confrontations and was the main formation used, but it is only implemented partially now.

Every country used to deploy pikemen, but they lacked mobility due to the difficulty in changing directions and they grew weaker as the power of bows developed since they are unable to bear large shields.

The invention of the stirrup also led to the development and growth of mobile tactics, revealing the weakness of the phalanx to flank and rear attacks as well as its inability to recover from damage, bringing an end to the age where countries competed in the length of their pikes.

Its strength has not been lost, but it is now only used on the flanks of the battle line as an anti-cavalry tactic.

It is also a particularly difficult tactic to use in the kingdom with its uneven land with many mountains and forests, making the more maneuverable six to eight foot spears more popular.

It is necessary to have a standardised and well-organised formation in order to conduct offense and defense as a group.

But an invincible unit does not exist.

There are always merits and demerits, hence soldiers are specialised as pikeman, heavy infantry, swordsman etc.

Krische assessed them by watching them exchange a few blows with the examiner then sorted them.

The selection for other roles that require special skills like archery, horse-riding or literacy is also being conducted nearby, which Krische will also be checking on later.

Archery and horse-riding are for necessary for archers and cavalry respectively.

Literacy is required for logistics.

Bogan had taken most of the logistics personnel during his emergency mobilisation and there is a lack of manpower.

“……examiners, switch.”

“Yes ma’am. The vice corps commander has ordered a switch. Hand over to the next shift and take this chance to rest.”

There are more volunteers than expected.

This is because Bogan Christand’s fame combined with the presence of the princess and the infamous rumours of Gildanstein, which are widely known even among the general populace.

Add in the presence of Krische and Selene, the two beautiful princesses and an endless stream of volunteers gathered.

It also helped that they sent troops to visit villages despite the extra expense.

People who were originally unable to handle the expenses required to travel here were able to volunteer thanks to that and greatly increased the numbers.

The Christand’s stable finances and ample coffers helped greatly.

The examiners entered a nearby shed and their replacements stepped out.

The first seven at the front of the long line were called forward and they braced their weapons――

“Ah, second closest is black. Go to the black area.”

Krische said that to a nervous, brown-haired girl.

The brown-haired girl looked around in surprise, then hastily passed her sword to the person behind her when Krische’s assistant urged her on and ran off .

This is not because the girl was nervous or lacking in ability.

This is because she has more than a certain amount of mana.

It might have been due to some noble blood in her lineage or a random occurrence.

It is rare, but there are commoners who have mana but are unaware of it.

Only a small minority of them can use physical enhancement and most of those that do are unaware of it, but Krische thought that it would be more effective to use people with this special ability separately.

Nobles are better assigned to higher positions, at least as a captain in charge of fifty men.

This is because most nobles receive specialised military education and even if not, most of them hate receiving the same treatment as commoners.

But Krische believes that this is simply dispersing their forces.

Just ten people with mana, even with low amounts of mana, with proper training and coordination can take on a hundred men.

Three of them together could probably take down someone with a decent amount of mana.

A unit of soldiers with mana specialised in combat would undoubtedly be a much greater threat than cavalry with their superior mobility.

Krische predicts that if used properly and only for breaking through the enemy’s weak points, it would be possible to devastate the enemy without losses.

When Krische had this flash of inspiration, she also wanted to mix nobles in with the regular soldiers.

But Selene thoroughly lectured her on the positions of nobles and commoners, so Krische gave up and is now gathering such talent from the commoners.

At the current pace, at most, she could gather a century, but that would mean a unit of a hundred men with the strength of a battalion, of a thousand men.

The small numbers are predicted to have a large impact on enemy morale and allows for greater flexibility and adaptability.

Krische intends to thoroughly train them on utilising mana and the concept of agitators.

Krische intends to personally check on those with special skills like archery and horse-riding largely because she wants to find anyone who has mana.

Just a single extra person is equal to ten men――the cost efficiency is extremely high and Krische does not intend to miss anybody who has mana in this recruitment.

The examiners and Krische’s assistant helping with the sorting have been told the reason beforehand, but the problem is the volunteers.

They have not been told why black is special.

There is no pattern in age or gender for those chosen as black.

Naturally, there are some among the volunteers that are dissatisfied by this.

Since the roles the colours indicate had been decided beforehand, rumours had spread.

Inevitably, everyone knows that red and black are for those who are specially skilled.

There would be some who complain when they are not chosen as these two special colours.

“Wait! Why am I yellow when that kid is black!”

Someone who was chosen as yellow and had yet to recover from the shock had still been nearby.

A young men glared at Krische angrily.

“It’s all weird! What can you tell from just a few exchanges. I was the best swordsman in my village and no one could best me. My movements just now should have been quite good! Even if you’re the general’s daughter, what does a child like yo――”

“Quiet! This person is the vice corps commander!”

The man who interjected had a hook nose and shaved head.

Krische’s assistant, Dagra shouted at the young man, but was feeling cold sweat.

This imposing middle-aged man was one of the centurions that participated in Krische’s mountain infiltration.

He had seen with his own eyes how Krische dive into the enemy alone and built a mountain of corpses. He knows from personal experience that this sweet girl that looks like she would not even kill a bug is actually a ruthless slaughterer, a monster.

He had tensed when this reckless young man insulted Krische.

Most of the examiners are also his subordinates.

They had also seen the same things and also froze, staring at Krische.

“Nn, if he is a soldier then this would be refusal to obey orders……which means the punishment for insubordination would be applicable, but what do you think, Dagra?”

“Wh……what, do you mean?”

Krische remained properly seated as she asked Dagra that question.

The chill Dagra was feeling grew stronger when he heard those words.

The punishment for insubordination is death.

Of course the death penalty is only used in severe situations, usually extenuating circumstances are taken into consideration and the penalty is reduced to some light whipping or confinement.

Additionally, insubordination is usually not punished outside of the battlefield.

It would cause large morale problems and superiors that force orders using punishments without gaining the understanding of their subordinates would not be respected.

At worst, they might be stabbed from behind on the battlefield.

Thus the punishment for insubordination is ‘an authority that is not meant to be exercised’, Dagra has not heard of anyone being given the death penalty in his long years as a soldier.

――but Krische is the one speaking here.

Dagra does not believe she is so lenient.

She has no fear.

Dagra does not know anyone that can stab this girl in the back.

She has no hesitation or conscience.

Otherwise she would not be able to cut down people so dispassionately.

Punishment for insubordination, these are the words on the surface, but her actual question is

――Can I kill him?

That is the question she is asking Dagra.

“Er, let’s see. He has just been sorted after volunteering so it is questionable if he can be called a soldier, so Krische is not sure about this.”

Krische’s silver hair fluttered as she placed her left index finger to her sakura lips, falling into thought.

Krische had been taught to consult the officers under her for uncertain matters not in the rules, so Krische had simply asked Dagra an honest question.

Her mannerisms looked just like a young, adorable girl that is confused.

But Dagra did not have a shred of leisure to appreciate that cute gesture.

Dagra had been presented with an extremely terrifying choice.

Krische has stated that she interprets this as refusal to obey orders.

She might not expect a different interpretation――Which would mean she asked Dagra this question to create a pretext to kill this unpleasant young man.

In fact, Krische’s right hand had been fiddling with the handle of the small curved blade at her waist.

Dagra recalled how she could swing that sword at speeds the eye could not follow and felt sweat dripping down his back.

――the punishment for insubordination should be applied.

Dagra knows that the instant he says this, her sword would slice away the flesh of the young man’s neck.

She has an unhealthy obsession with avoiding the bone and slicing only the soft flesh of the neck with that nata-like sword of hers.

Dagra has seen her kill more than a hundred men that way.

Using that single sword she brought to the battlefield――just so that it would not grow blunt.

Obsessively, carefully, dispassionately.

Dagra stayed frozen, only moving his eyes to look at the examiners.

The examiners that knew of Kriche’s rumours, or saw it for themselves, were watching with held breaths.

Most are Dagra’s subordinates and were attached to that special unit.

They are all excellent soldiers that survived that fierce battle, so they were chosen as examiners and training instructors.

One of them noticed Dagra’s gaze and shook his head. Do not defy her, prioritise your own life.

After some hesitation, Dagra shut his eyes.

Dagra is a good man, a fine centurion that worked his way up the ranks.

He made his decision and prepared for death, to protect the rude young man.

“Th, the official commissioning, er, documents……have not been completed. Even though he has been sorted……at, at this stage he cannot be called a soldier.”

This is the only explanation that can convince her.

If she said to prepare the documents immediately, then he would give up.

There is a limit to his goodness, Dagra has a wife and children.

He watched Krische fearfully as she clapped her hands together.

“Aah, that is true. Technically, it is only official after the documentation is complete. But it would be a little troublesome if there are more people like this.”

Krische smiled as if she was satisfied by the answer, but Dagra did not feel relieved.

He does not have the slightest idea what this adorable monster is thinking.

“A, anyway! Please let me try again! I should be red with my skill!”

The young man spoke again, unaware that he had almost died.

Stop talking! Dagra shot him a murderous look, but Krische nodded.

“It would be troublesome if there is anyone else like this in the line, so Krische has to make sure this does not happen again.”

Krische took two blunted swords from the examiners and handed one to the young man.

Then she wielded the other.

“Come. There is no need to hold back, please attack me.”

“No, but……”

“If you do not then you will stay as yellow. Ah, no, wrong. Even if you do, you would still be yellow.”

The young man heard those casual words as a provocation.

“It’s not my fault if you get hurt”, he muttered and stepped forward.

The young man was not lying when he said he was the best swordsman in his village.

In fact, he had dropped to yellow by a narrow margin, but Krische had absolute confidence in her own judgement.

Once she has decided he is yellow, she would not change that decision.

The young man’s trained movements were quick and his attack was sharp.

But his diagonal slash was an inch short, not even touching Krische’s clothes as it cut air.

“!? Tsk……”

A second returning slash.

Krische dodged it by walking backwards, and again on the third swing.

――the gap between the tip of the blade and her body is always less than an inch.

She wavered like a mirage, but her movements were precise.

Though her movements were extremely relaxed, it is clear to anyone’s eyes that Krische is dodging the young man’s sword with minimal movement.

It was as if this is a planned performance and a commotion spread――but when it repeated ten, twenty times, the voices grew silent.

This is because the young man’s movements are as good as he claimed, quite skilled in the eyes of many present.

Krische feels no reluctance about displaying her strength.

By showing power and making others recognise the distinct gap between them and her, making them fear her, they will become obedient.

Krische knows that she cannot become well-liked by the soldiers like Selene, so the only way they would obey Krische is through fear.

If it solves the problem then that is great, Krische does not care about her impression on people that she has no interest in.

――do not defy Krische, just be obedient.

That is all she wants from the soldiers.

This much should be enough, Krische judged from the surrounding reactions, then spun around.

As if dancing, she spun around to the young man’s back.

She kicked the young man in the back of his knee as he cut at empty space, forcing him to his knees as she placed the blunted blade to his neck.

Krische thought about chopping straight through or swinging upwards anyway, but Krische is a well-mannered girl and has been taught to take good care of things.

Her obsessive efficiency did not allow even the slightest scrape on the sword.

“Krische is certainly a child and the person just now was also young. But appearances are nothing more than appearances. Krische is stronger than anyone in this fortress and you are yellow. That is it. Does everyone understand?”

Nobody spoke. Krische glanced at Dagra at a loss.

Dagra stiffened for an instant, then promptly put his hand to his chest and saluted, then turned to face the line.

“The vice corps commander fought on the front lines, beheaded more than a hundred enemies and killed the detestable Sarshenka’s second-in-command and aides, even taking the general’s aide prisoner in the previous war. She has earned a soldier’s greatest honour, the title of senior knight directly from the king himself for her achievements in that single battle. Know that any insult to her is an insult to the king and to us soldiers! ……bring him away!”

Dagra told nearby soldiers to bring the young man away and breathed a sigh of relief.

The young man, still stunned and unable to understand what had occurred, was brought away by two burly soldiers.

Krische sighed as she listened to Dagra’s speech.

Krische really is bad at talking.

She has no idea if her intended message got across.

For now, she picked up the sword dropped by the young man and returned it to the tense examiner before heading back to her seat.

“Selene.”

Then smiled adorably as she saw Selene walking over.

In contrast, Selene noticed something was off and looked around, tilting her head, then subconsciously pinched Krische’s cheek when she trotted closer.

“Fe, ferere, ihyairesu……” (Se, Selene, it hurts……)

“Dagra, did she do something?”

“N, no! We just took some of her time to deal with a rude volunteer. Our incompetency caused unnecessary trouble for the vice corps commander. The problem has already been resolved, corps commander.”

“I see. Tell me if something happens, this child is just as she appears.”

“Uuu……”

Selene did not really understand but it was probably Krische’s fault.

Krische glared at Selene reproachfully for being pinched because of such an absurd reason, pouting her lovely lips.

“It’s because of your usual behavior, I just assumed that you did something.”

“Muu…… Krische was doing Krische’s job properly.”

“Yeah yeah, sorry.”

Selene patted Krische’s head unapologetically.

Krische looked very cute like this, but the soldiers were confused about how Krische is supposed to be just as she appears. But nobody voiced that thought.

To the soldiers that know of her abnormality, Krische is nothing like what her appearance suggests.

They do not know what part of her beheading is as lovely as her face.

Selene meant to say that Krische is as stupid as she looks, but the soldiers did not hear it that way.

They assumed that it meant Krische acted like her appearance suggests only when with Selene.

Selene is half-jokingly, half-seriously called a beast tamer by the soldiers.

Of course, the beast is Krische.

“Dagra, you can continue. So Krische, how is it going?”

“Krische is fine.”

“……idiot. Not you, the sorting.”

“Ow……”

Dagra stopped watching them and instructed the examiners to continue.

Krische puffed out the cheeks that had just been pinched again as she answered.

“724 red, 1837 blue, 2783 yellow, 78 black.”

“……it’s always amazing how you can remember so clearly. Excluding the logistics division……we should get ten thousand with this round of recruitment.”

Selene pressed a finger to Krische’s puffed out cheeks and forced the air out as she fell into thought.

But Krische suddenly spoke to Dagra.

“From the closest, blue, blue, yellow, red, red, yellow, yellow.”

“……yes ma’am! ――Pass your swords to the person behind and go to the locations you were told! Double time!”

Krische had apparently been watching them out of the corner of her eye as she played with Selene.

When together with Selene, Krische looked just like a young girl, but there is absolutely no openings.

Dagra felt a chill run down his spine as he caught this slight glimpse of her true nature.

“Ah, again. Third closest, black. Go to the black area.”

Unlike the previous girl, this middle-aged man looked surprise but moved briskly and ran off.

Krische’s display had some effect.

“……black.”

Selene looked intently at the man that was labelled black.

If they are not using physical enhancement, the difference between normal people and those with mana is slight.

Selene could barely tell the difference after being told and looking closely, once again reminding her of Krische’s abnormality.

It is like picking out golden needles in a random mess of needles.

I would lose concentration and give up after an hour, Selene thought as she pinched Krische’s cheeks.

Krische glared at Selene as her cheeks were pinched again, but also smiled a little.

Selene pinching her cheeks is a normal occurrence and though Krische may appear to sulk, she does not find it unpleasant.

Since Bery had explained that it is Selene’s way of expressing love, Krische is actually slightly happy about it.

Krische stared at Selene and Selene frowned back.

Selene is as usual――or she looked like it.

Krische hesitantly opened her mouth to ask.

“Er……Selene, er……are you okay? Are you pushing yourself?”

When Krische had dicussed with Bery about what she had talked to Kreschenta about, Bery had told her to just ask directly.

Because just by doing that, Selene would understand Krische’s feelings.

“You’ve learnt to be a little considerate.”

Selene looked a little surprise, but smiled happily as she patted Krische’s head.

“……fufu, I’m fine, otou-sama is the Kingdom’s best general. I’m just a little wor――”

“――From the closest, yellow, yellow, blue, yellow, yellow, blue, redefu!? Ow……”

“Your inability to read the atmosphere really is irritating…… Dagra.”

“Ye, yes ma’am……? P, pass your swords to the person behind and go to the locations you were told! Double time!”

The recruitment proceeded smoothly

-End-





