U.E. C.8: Cooking
“Wah……”
Krische looked around with sparkling eyes.
The shelves are filled with pots, frying pans, knives and ladles.
These are common items but they are rich in variety and their high quality is visible at a glance.
The kitchen took up a whole room by itself and everything you needed for cooking is available.
Krische excitedly asked Bery about this and that and Bery patiently answered.
The facilities are all designed to use mana, no fire is used.
Blue crystals known as magic crystals are used for heating and cooling.
A pump is used to draw water from a well and send water through a pipe to this kitchen.
A refrigerator is used to delay the expiry of foodstuffs.
A kitchen designed around mana.
This was enough to destroy Krische’s very concept of cooking, in the past, all she had done was place a cutting board on the ground.
Krische was shocked by the extravagance of using a whole room just for cooking.
“Krische-sama must really like cooking. I did not expect you to want to see the kitchen first.”
“Eh, ah…… yes, I like, cooking.”
Krische finally realised how excited she had been acting and answered embarrassedly, fidgeting.
Her beautiful silver hair swayed with her movements as her white cheeks blushed red.
The sight of her large eyes wavering, surrounded by those long eyelashes was indescribably adorable and Bery could no longer hold herself back.
“Wah.”
Bery hugged Krische tightly, stroking her head.
“Ufufu, why are you so cute…… if there is anything you want to know, please ask me. Would you like to cook together?”
“Er……? Yes……”
Krische seemed to be okay with it so Bery enjoyed hugging her for a while before pulling away and putting a hand to her chin, falling into thought.
“Let’s see. I was planning to prepare dinner after showing you to your room…… but would Krische-sama like to join me?”
“Can I……?”
“Yes. It might be rude to make a guest help with the cooking…… but if Krische-sama wishes to help, I am in no position to refuse.”
“……th, then, Krische also, wants to cook.”
“Great, great! Then……I have Master’s permission today, so let’s make a grand dinner.”
“Okay.”
Krische nodded with a wide smile.
They cooked together, Bery teaching Krische how to use each piece of equipment along the way, but since Krische manipulated mana on a daily basis, she was quick to learn how to operate magic crystals for simple heating, impressing Bery. They briskly prepared the ingredients as Bery guided Krische.
Bery had a good environment and the chance to learn from books, her skill in cooking awed Krische.
Krische is self-taught and can make the most out of limited ingredients, but she lacks knowledge and everything is based on experience.
Bery taught Krische how to handle the ingredients and why while Krische readily absorbed the knowledge like water in desert sand.
Each shelf and table had been placed with careful consideration for efficient cooking and Bery made full use of them.
Not only that, Bery had abundant knowledge and talent, an excellent palate and spared no efforts in her cooking.
To Krische, Bery is an extremely good teacher.
Her explanations are clear and understandable while her handling of ingredients and knifework were like art.
Bery’s cooking is far beyond Krische’s, Krische quickly admitted that and grew attached to Bery.
To Bery, Krische is also a good student and her heart was stolen by the sight of Krische clutching a kitchen knife with glittering eyes.
By the time they had completed a few dishes, they had developed an extremely strong bond of trust between them and Bery loved Krische from the bottom of her heart.
“Is it delicious?”
“Yes, delicious……”
Taste-testing the meat in the soup, Krische smiled.
Bery nodded back with a smile.
“This is the result of preparing your ingredients properly. By giving the meat a quick sear before adding it to the soup, the delicious juices are locked into the meat. You will have to do it differently if you want to use it for stock though.”
“I see……”
“By cutting a small slit in hard vegetables like this, the soup will seep into it and they will become soft. Isn’t this completely different?”
“Yes, amazing……”
A stew with soft blocks of mutton, roast beef with a sour fruit sauce and bacon pizza with cheese and tomato baked in the oven.
The faint fragrance of the herbs used for seasoning tickled Krische’s nose, raising her expectations.
――she had never encountered such alluring food.
Guu, Krische’s stomach growled and she blushed. Bery smiled and said.
“It usually takes a little more time to prepare dinner, but thanks to Krische we are done early. Let’s eat before it goes cold.”
“Okay……”
Bery carried the pot of stew and a basket of bread, Krische brought the roast beef and pizza.
The kitchen is the furthest room on the left and the dining hall is two rooms away.
The dining room was furnished with a long table and eight chairs.
The room was not very large but it was still larger than the house Krische had lived in.
Setting the dishes, Krische laid out the cutlery with Bery.
“I will go inform them that dinner is ready. Please seat here and wait.”
“Okay.”
Krische sat down as Bery left the room, her posture straight and proper as she waited.
The room was warm, so the food would not go cold so quickly.
Krische could feel the saliva build up in her mouth but waited patiently, like a dog that had been told to wait. Soon, the door opened.
A beautiful blonde girl entered.
She had sharp eyebrows and her eyes were cat-like with a kind of strength behind them.
She had an elegantly straight nose and nicely shaped plump lips.
She was dressed in a gorgeous light blue one-piece dress and was fidgeting with her long hair with an unhappy expression.
She scowled upon seeing Krische, then looked away.
“Er……hello, I am Krische.”
“Ah, yeah.”
With just that, she sat down.
In the seat opposite Krische.
Is this the ‘Ojou-sama’ Bery mentioned?
thought Krische.
Apparently that ojou-sama is strong-willed and did not like homely things like cooking, preferring to wield a sword and study combat tactics. Her goal is to succeed her father in the future.
Her age should be close to Krische’s, turning thirteen this year.
That girl is now looking at Krische sullenly with her arms crossed.
Unsure why she is unhappy, Krische checked her own outfit.
Maybe it is not appropriate to wear this apron thing during a meal?
Krische stood up and took off the apron, folding it neatly and placing it on her lap.
Watching her, the girl narrowed her eyes.
“Already earning points? Such a good girl.”
“……? Earning points?”
“Don’t get full of yourself just because you helped cook. As expected of someone from the countryside, so tenacious.”
What is she angry about?
Krische cocked her head, thinking.
“It seems Bery has taken quite a liking to you, but I’m against someone like you living here. You better understand that.”
Declaring that, the girl fell silent.
Krische thought about those words and considered her own position.
Krische is about to be treated to a meal and will definitely be living a much more enjoyable life than before.
But Bogan is the one providing for Krische.
That means that until now, this girl had been brought up by him and received all the benefits herself. But now her share of the pie had been reduced, no wonder she was not happy.
It’s like a pumpkin pie for three that she was going to eat alone and having one share stolen away.
‘Just because you helped cook’ must be criticising Krische’s small contribution.
She praised Krische as a ‘good girl’ for helping to cook, so that in itself is not a bad thing.
She must mean that Krische just has not contributed enough.
She is asking Krische for compensation equivalent to the share of the pie that had been taken from her.
With that understanding, Krische nodded.
“Okay. Then Krische will do her best to be accepted by Ojou-sama.”
“Huh……?”
In response to her blunt rejection, Krische had smiled.
Confused, the girl――Selene frowned at Krische with a dubious look.
Even though she had so rudely rejected this younger girl, she didn’t look upset at all, just showing a small smile.
That response was so unexpected Selene was dumbfounded.
As she was looking for and failing to find the words to respond with, the door opened and Bogan, Gallen and Bery entered.
“Oh, you’re early today Selene. Were you talking with Krische?”
“Y, Yes, Otou-sama. A little……”
Bogan tilted his head at Selene’s slightly sullen response.
But seeing how Krische is smiling, Bogan assumed that they had only just exchanged greetings.
Bogan had heard from Gallen that although she is not the type to show much emotion, Krische is a quiet, kind and hardworking girl.
They should be able to get along
, thought Bogan happily.
“I see. Krische, she’s a headstrong girl, but please get along with her.”
“Yes, master.”
“Haha, no need to be so formal.”
Bogan laughed cheerfully as he sat at the head of the table and Gallen sat diagonal to him――on Krische’s right.
Bery poured wine and water for all of them and distributed the food before sitting on Krische’s left.
Seeing that, Selene’s mood grew worse.
Oblivious, Bogan raised his glass and declared.
“Let’s begin the meal…… to my respected mentor and his granddaughter.”
Seeing everyone else raise their glasses, Krische quickly followed and took a sip.
The unique sour and bitter taste of wine made Krische frown a little.
She had been taught not to be picky so she did not openly show it, but Krische did not like the wine.
Krische’s young tongue was not able too endure the bitterness to appreciate the complexity of wine.
Bery smiled as she watched Krische and poured a glass of juice for Krische.
Krische timidly accepted it and sipped the grape juice.
Bery watched her with an affectionate expression as they began their meal.
Normally servants would eat separately but this family did not care about such rules.
Krische reached for the pizza first, filling her small mouth.
She could feel the texture of the crispy base and melted cheese.
They had used plenty of cheese in making this sumptuous pizza and Krische was very satisfied with the taste of cheese filling her mouth.
Next is the soup. Then the roast beef.
Krische savoured them one by one, feeling the happiness of having both her tongue and stomach satisfied.
This is indisputably the most delicious food Krische has ever eaten.
Bery taught Krische a little about table manners, smiling as she watched Krische enjoying herself.
“Is it delicious?”
“……yes, very.”
“Fufu, it is thanks to Krische-sama helping. The soup is mostly made by Krische-sama too.”
“Ho?”
Bogan interjected curiously.
“Yes, she knows how to season, stew and is good at handling a kitchen knife…… I only taught her the recipe. She also mastered how to use magic crystals instantly.”
“K, Krische hardly…… Bery taught Krische a lot. Krische did not……”
She was self-taught but Krische had a good understanding of the basics of cooking and how to handle a kitchen knife.
Assured by that, Bery had only taught her the recipe and helped a little.
Bery meant what she said, but Krische did not agree.
Krische had always cooked through trial and error, the cooking this time was a complete unknown for her.
How many years would it take for her to produce such dishes herself?
To Krische, Bery is the grand existence that guided her to create such dishes.
Krische desperately denied it, not wanting to steal credit. But Bery smiled back at her.
“It is just a difference in knowledge. I was simply in a more fortunate environment. If Krische-sama and my positions were reversed, it would be different. It is because of Krischee-sama’s experience that such delicious dishes were created.”
“Er, but……”
“Hahaha, it must be true if Bery says that. Bery doesn’t compromise when it comes to cooking. Just accept the compliment.”
“……okay.”
Krische still did not agree but nodded for now, losing interest in that topic as she continued eating.
Every bite was bliss.
The flavours filling her mind numbed her thoughts.
“But the magic crystals too? She should have good senses but…… all of them?”
“Yes. There were some that are normally difficult to use, but it was simple for her.”
“……I see. She might have a talent for that too.”
Krische continued eating, letting Bogan and Bery’s conversation go in one ear and out the other.
But then――
“Thanks for the meal!”
Selene suddenly slammed the table and stood up.
Slightly surprised by the sudden sound, Krische looked up at her.
Selene glared back at Krische.
Then without a word, she ripped the door open and stalked out.
“……haa, that girl. Sorry about her, she’s been like that lately.”
Bogan muttered.
“It’s my fault for being too busy with work and not spending time with her. She’s been feeling lonely…… I hope that having someone of similar age like you around will be good for her. If possible, could I ask you to be her conversation partner?”
“Yes, if you are okay with Krische.”
“……thanks.”
Gallen smiled at his granddaughters response and continued eating silently.
“Now then, let’s continue our meal…… Bery, I’ll check in on her later.”
“Yes, Master. Then I shall bring some tea.”
“Aah, thanks.”
The next day, Gallen returned with the trading cart to the village.
Krische was left behind alone and began her life in the Christand house.
Even from Krische’s point of view, Bery is a really skilled person.
As the person who has taken care of cleaning and maintaining the wide estate and prepared the meals by herself, Bery is skilled in many fields. Apparently she was also a former noble and is quite knowledgeable, she is able to provide answers to most of Krische’s questions.
Bery is Selene’s aunt.
She is the much younger step-sister of Bogan’s late wife, Lazura. When Bogan wed Lazura, he had also hired Bery as a servant.
Bery looked to be in her late teens, but apparently she is in her twenties.
According to Bery, people with mana and have learnt to manipulate it tend to age slower.
“We will stop here for today.”
“Really?”
“Yes. It is better to clean moderately. If you do it everyday, it can damage the building and is too much work.”
Krische voluntarily helped Bery with her work, delighting Bery.
Krische also likes keeping things neat and clean.
She enjoys chores like laundry and also considered helping Bery a natural thing to do, compensation for learning cooking from her.
The difference in their cooking knowledge grew smaller day by day.
Bery held nothing back, demonstrating her skills and granting Krische her knowledge.
Krische had thought she could catch up to Bery’s skill in the near future, but Bery is a perfectionist like Krische, attempting to create new flavours everyday.
Krische rates Bery highly for this desire for self-improvement and not being satisfied with her current state.
A person’s tastes changes based on their condition and mood.
Though there might be a perfect dish for a certain day, there is nothing that you can eat everyday without getting sick of it. Being much more skilled than others in many ways, it is this side of cooking that fascinates Krische.
And Bery is also fascinated by the same thing.
In Krische’s mind, Bery is already her comrade and also her forerunner.
Krische’s opinion of Bery keeps rising with no sign of stopping, by now Krische’s life is completely centered around Bery――she spends her days following Bery around.
Naturally, Bery’s heart was stolen by this girl that is so attached to her.
Since their relationship is centered around food, which Krische easily gets embarrassed about, Bery’s impression of Krische is of a shy girl.
As the only person that can see Krische’s cute side on a daily basis, Bery found Krische to be a little unusual but a really adorable girl.
Bery had noticed early on that Krische has above average intelligence and thinks slightly differently, but that did not change her opinion of Krische.
Part of it is because Bery had heard of Krische’s situation in the village and knew of her pitiable circumstances, so she pampered Krische such that Krische could have peace of mind.
And Krische did not grow spoilt from this pampering, making Bery’s opinion of Krische rise endlessly.
As a perfectionist, Krische spared no effort to ‘compensate’ goodwill towards herself.
The more she was pampered, the harder she worked to compensate Bery.
Like a newborn chick, she stuck to Bery, doing her best to ‘help’. Cute is the only word to describe it.
“Now then, it is too early to start preparing dinner. Shall we have some tea?”
“……tea.”
“Fufu, actually…… I baked some cookies in the oven earlier. I would like Krische-sama to judge them for me.”
“Cookies……”
Krische blushed.
Krische loves sweets.
But Krische found it improper and embarrassing to indulge in them. This is because while eating them, there is an obvious drop in Krische’s intelligence.
But for Bery, Krische getting absorbed in sweets is just adorable.
Wanting to see that side of Krische, Bery took every opportunity to feed her sweets.
Krische was terrified of becoming addicted to sweets and has made the very painful decision of refusing a few times, but her enemy is formidable. Bery started feeding Krische under the guise of taste-testing.
If the purpose is taste-testing, as someone who strives to perfect cooking, Krische could not refuse.
Knowing this, Bery used it to feed Krische sweets.
“Could you help me taste-test, Krische-sama? I tried adding plenty of honey today.”
“Plenty, uu……”
“Come on, I’ve prepared it in your room.”
In the end, Krische loses to desire every time.
Krische is serious and diligent, but she works too hard.
It’s important to take breaks
thought Bery initially, but lately she just wants to see Krische shyly nibbling on cookies.
In less then a week, they relationship had become sugary sweet. Krische and Bery’s relationship is great and there are no problems between them, but there is still a problem.
“…………”
“Oh, Ojou-sama. Krische-sama and I are about to have some tea, would you like to join us?”
Selene.
Selene glared at Krische as she rejected the offer.
“Unlike that girl I’m busy…… and you, don’t come today. You’re a nuisance.”
Krische has been visiting Selene’s room everyday.
Bluntly honest, Krische has been visiting Selene every night saying ‘Krische has been told to talk to Ojou-sama’, but naturally, with poor results.
Krische is always turned away by an exasperated Selene. So far it is Krische complete defeat.
“But, we……”
“I’m saying I have nothing to talk about with you.”
“Ca, calm down……”
Bery pacified her and changed the topic.
“Since Belna-sama has left, I thought this would be a good time.”
“……haa. Otou-sama is going to give me sword training. I have no time for tea.”
Home tutors visit this estate everyday to teach Selene.
Today was the history teacher, yesterday was math and law the day before.
When her father is around and available, sword training.
It is not a lie when she says she is busy.
Selene is an overly serious hard worker, and that grew even more pronounced ever since her mother passed away.
She is currently aiming to succeed her father in the army, leading to many arguments with Bery, straining their relationship.
“……I see. Please, be careful not to get hurt.”
“Injury is part of training.”
Saying that, Selene turned away and descended the stairs.
“……am I saying too much? But she is not a man, seeing ojou-sama wield a sword makes me worry……”
Bery let out a small sigh.
“The Christand family is a military family. I know it is thanks to that that we can live in this splendid estate. But, I do not believe ojou-sama needs to follow that tradition.”
It sounded as if she was confessing her inner thoughts.
Krische was suddenly reminded of her mother.
“……Krische’s kaa-sama also said the same things as Bery-san. She was worried that Krische was going for sword practice.”
“Really?”
“Yes.”
They entered Krische’s room and prepared tea.
The cookies were still warm and the sweet scent of freshly baked cookies wafted in the air.
Krische clenched her mouth shut, trying not to let it relax into a smile.
“But Krische believes that in the end, that is all you can rely on. At the very least, it was very useful for Krische.”
“……Krische-sama.”
Remembering what happened to Krische’s village, Bery lowered her eyes.
“……I guess my opinion is that of someone in a safe place. I am sorry if I offended you.”
Krische shook her head in response.
Training for battle is important and necessary, but society is built upon more than that.
People who like the sword tend to be more emotional than other people.
They are more assertive, short tempered and violent.
They are important, but their nature is the direct opposite of the workers that form the foundation of village life. When there is no conflict, they are more of a minus that disturbs the peace.
Krische believes that in that sense, people who think like Bery are perfect as a brake and are indispensable.
Generally, Krische likes stability.
Thanks to her parents, Krische has a good understanding of the importance of rules and regulations and dislikes those that disturb the peace. She learnt the sword mainly to protect this stability.
So Krische does not like conflict, which reduces productivity and rather than fighters, Krische values people like Bery more.
“Krische thinks the sword is necessary to protect your home, but that is because there are people like Bery-san and Kaa-sama. Krische thinks both ojou-sama and Bery are not wrong.”
Bery widened her eyes, then smiled gently.
“……thank you very much. Krische-sama is young, but you have thought things through.”
“Krische is still……far from perfect.”
Saying that, Krische looked at the cookies.
Feeling the saliva build up in her mouth, she blushed as her own immodesty.
Bery giggled, then offered one to Krischee.
“There is a lot, so I will need you to taste-test a lot.”
“A lot……”
Taking one, Krische filled her small mouth.
Bery had baked the cookies small enough for Krische to eat them in one mouthful.
Feeling the sweetness of the honey spread through her mouth as she bit into the crispy cookie, Krische smiled in bliss.
“Fufu, I still cannot really tell if Krische-sama is already mature, or still a small child.”
Saying that, Bery laughed softly.
-End-
Yes, Bery gave wine to ten and thirteen year old girls.
