U.E. C.16: Dual Purpose
“……create a battlefield?”
“Yes. Master would be  facing off with the enemy across the river here when they come to prevent the dam. Then we just make the enemy ground a quagmire.”
Krische traced the Bezlen river that flows south of the Arzlen river with her finger.
“This river to the south often floods in this particular area and once the area becomes a quagmire, it does not dry very quickly. By damming the northern river which has more water, we can force the southern river to flood and create a quagmire where the enemy is deployed. Just by doing this, we can hinder the movements of the enemy and their supply trains as well as depriving them of their troublesome nomadic cavalry.”
Unlike most in this time and age, Bogan values records and data, spending fortunes to gather maps, records of past battles and even disasters. Most of this knowledge has been packed into Krische’s mind.
Krische visits at the training grounds once a week to participate in military drills, but soon nobody had anything to teach her――as a result, she usually studies in Bogan’s personal library.
If she remembered the contents of every single book, she would not need to go to the training grounds and can spend more time with Bery.
Because of this simple desire to cook with Bery, Krische used her abnormal intelligence to memorise most of Bogan’s extensive collection.
“……I see. Interesting.”
Bogan’s mind is not like Krische’s.
But because he knows he is ordinary, he never fails to prepare himself beforehand.
He had quickly reviewed the documents about this area before departing and could remember the record that Krische is referring to.
Magnificent
, Bogan muttered to himself.
Knowledge is simply knowledge. The key is how to use and apply that knowledge.
Bogan has often told Selene and his subordinates to never stop learning and never to stop at just learning.
Knowledge only has meaning if you have the wisdom to apply it.
Krische embodies Bogan’s ideal.
Bogan had considered the ‘Strategic Command’ for a long time but started establishing it because of Krische.
Even if it is impossible for any one person, they could achieve strategical and tactical planning at Krische’s level with multiple minds.
The commanders can focus on commanding their troops and making decisions on the ground while the strategists handle the rest.
With this, Bogan planned to greatly raise the overall capabilities of the army.
Nobles are highborn beings that command the army.
This is the popular way of thinking and in this age where commanders focus on being able to manage everything themselves, Bogan is an unusually advanced thinker.
Over many years, Bogan has built up a system which does not focus on individual ability, instead educating and sharing knowledge among the officers and commanders, granting them the authority and responsibilities befitting their capabilities.
This is the reason behind the famed strength of the Christand army and also why Bogan Christand is widely known as a great general.
“……so first we create a geographical advantage and dampen the enemy’s morale.”
“Yes. This is just harassment……master can also construct a simple fort nearby and prevent the enemy from crossing the river. The enemy cannot allow a fort to be constructed here, so they will be forced to cross the river.”
Krische traced the river with her finger.
River crossings always requires massive casualties.
Krische’s objective is to create a situation that forces the enemy into that.
“It will be easy to defend against an enemy trying to cross the river from a quagmire, it will also be difficult for them to breakthrough the steep eastern mountains with a large force. We will be at a large tactical advantage and since it is difficult to maintain formation during a river crossing, we can easily create local numerical advantages too.”
Krische pointed at the base of the river.
“Even if the dam is broken, we can just face off at this lake near the mountain and show occasional signs of recapturing the area. The objective is to keep the enemy in place and prevent them from making a flanking attack. It also happens to be the rainy season now, so it would be even better if it rains.”
Bogan and Gallen looked at, then nodded at each other.
Selene was glaring at Krische with a vexed expression.
“……it’s a good plan. So we are creating a battlefield where we can grasp the initiative.”
“Yes. It would be a gamble for master to independently breakthrough the northern enemy army and damage the supply lines coming from the empire no matter what method is used. And even if that succeeds, it will not solve the fundamental problem without the aid of the central army. In which case our top priority is to focus on how to prevent the enemy’s movements and buy time for the central army to mount a counterattack.”
Krische pointed at the enemy army, then their own location.
“The enemy supplies are mostly procured locally, but it has been a month since they arrived. The villages they are procuring supplies from should be reaching their limits and the enemy should want to move soon. This one month standoff should be because they were setting up supply lines from their country and quieting local resistance.”
Aside from the twenty thousand combat personnel, the Christand army has a logistics unit of one thousand.
This unit specialises in resolving logistical problems and employing laborers or prostitutes from surrounding villages or merchants when necessary. This unit requires specialised mathematical education and is expensive to maintain but has successfully created a stable stream of supplies for this defensive battle.
In comparison, the empire’s invading army is crude.
When they invade, they create plundering squads as the need arises and mainly procure supplies locally.
The enemy’s blitz invasion prioritises occupying as much territory as possible over logistics.
But though it  is crude, they still have a system in place.
They had suffered severe defeats in the past from scorched-earth strategies, where villages were burned and wells poisoned.
Thus although they are still centered on pillaging, they establish a logistic force before extended wars in order to set up and stabilise supply lines.
The logistics force is the backbone of the invading army and focuses all their efforts on creating a stable stream of supplies to occupied areas――they still pillage when they first occupy the land to raise morale, but after that the logistics force takes over, switching from pillaging to steady requisition of supplies.
They gather laborers and food from surrounding villages, improving efficiency in distribution of supplies.
Thus although the empire commits massacres and rape, they are quite careful with carriages and provisions, any resource related to logistics, when they pillage.
After occupying a large piece of enemy land, they set up supply lines locally and from the empire, building a beachhead for further invasion.
This is the Holy Elsren Empire’s basic invasion strategy.
Naturally, the other three present knows this.
But Krische has a habit of explaining obvious things when she has the time to do so.
Since Krische’s ‘obvious’ and other peoples’ ‘obvious’ have often differed, this is a life skill she has picked up. Krische is ‘polite’ enough to explain the Kingdom’s law to a bandit she is going torture.
The three of them are aware of Krische’s unnecessary politeness and even though they did not need this explanation, they did not interrupt her.
“It is likely that the enemy has set up a supply depot near the enemy’s center――near Wulfenite, but the majority of the supplies would be for invading the south. The resources allocated to the enemy deployed to the north would not be much and if we fight at the eastern mountains, they would have to rely on supplies from the empire.”
Krische pointed at the area around the Bezlen river that would become a quagmire and continued.
“By that point, the geography around the southern river would have deteriorated substantially, so the enemy position would only grow worse with time――well, that is the overall plan.”
Krische let out a breath and took a sip of her sweet black soy tea to sate her thirst.
Then she continued with satisfied smile.
“Their invasion of the south is only possible with a stable stalemate in the north, so if master can shave off a large part of the forty thousand deployed in the north, it it very likely to setback their strategic plans. Krische cannot tell when the central army will be ready to counterattack and how long general Garhka can hold out in the south, but no matter what, the enemy will be forced to respond to master. What do you think?”
Krische had offered the best plan she had and considered it satisfactory, so her thoughts had already turned to her empty stomach as she asked.
The discussion is done, time for food. Work is done, time for food. Snacks.
Krische’s thoughts are like this all the time.
In comparison, the other three were surprised by Krische’s plan, shift the headquarters to the east――just by doing this, they can gain a tactical advantage to match the enemy’s numerical advantage and deal a heavy blow to the enemy’s strategic plan.
“……I have never been more glad to have adopted you. It is a brilliant plan. If there were no problems I would have appointed you to a position with the authority that befits you but……I’m sorry. It must be tough to be left hanging like that.”
Bogan sincerely thought that.
He lamented her youth and position that prevented her from displaying her abilities.
“Er……master. Krische is satisfied, with how things are……”
Krische tilted her head in confusion as she responded honestly.
Krische felt no dissatisfaction with the current situation.
It would be convenient to have authority, but it is not something she wishes for.
Krische is generally serious and hardworking, but Krische only wishes to live a carefree life of chores and cooking.
Since that is currently fulfilled, she has no ambitions at all.
“Kuku, well, that’s just like you. But Krische’s opinion is always helpful……captain, it is a bit late, but gather the corps commanders. I want to start moving by tomorrow.”
“Okay――Messenger!”
Gallen’s shout was loud enough that it felt like it shook the tent, making Krische cover her ears.
With a quick, ‘Messenger, coming in’ a young soldier entered.
“Summon the corps commanders and their adjutants. Urgently.”
“Yes sir! Summon the corps commanders and adjutants, understood!”
“Good. Go.”
The young messenger ran off after a glance at Krische and Selene.
He was handsome and wore a set of beautiful steel scale armour.
Probably a noble.
Messengers that pass information are very important, particularly when conveying the general’s orders, so their social standing is important.
In order to avoid confusion from false information and the like, nobles are chosen as messengers.
“I’m sorry Krische, you must be tired, but please join us.”
“Eh?……okay.”
It is night.
Krische still has not eaten the meal she was supposed to received upon arriving.
Krische’s gaze wandered as she lightly pressed on her stomach.
Selene smiled wryly and stood up, handing some bread to Krische.
Seeing that, Bogan and Gallen let out a sound of understanding and laughed.
Krische’s face turned bright red.
“Come on, if you’re hungry just say so. Nobody said you cannot eat.”
“Uuu…..”
“What happened to the genius strategist just now? Here, honey. You like it, don’t you?”
Krische ended up eating uncomfortably with Selene fussing over her.
One month is one cycle of the moon, 28 days.
A quarter of that, 7 days, is a week.
A day is 24 hours, 12 hours from sunrise to sunset and another 12 at night, but this is a vague definition since the length of the day changes with seasons.
In summer, the day would be an hour longer while in winter it would be an hour shorter.
Clocks have been invented, made of mana crystals and some machinery, allowing a bell to be sounded accurately every hour in towns, but clocks are not easily portable.
There is no way to know the exact time so far away from town. But based on the hunger and sleepiness Krische is suffering, it feels like it is already midnight.
Already six hours since sunset. Krische’s usual bedtime was a long time ago.
“Krische, don’t sleep. Endure just a little longer.”
“……uuu, hungry, sleepy……”
Krische had repeated the same explanation for the corps commanders that had gathered in the tent, but naturally, that was not the end.
Krische’s plan is simply an overall strategy, now they are discussing how to make their move――the tactics.
They were poring over the map debating where to deploy each corp――that was when Krische started nodding off, but Selene pinched her cheek and woke her each time.
The first corps has the best overall capabilities in the Christand army.
The second corps is focused on pure combat ability.
The third corps is good at defense, including building temporary encampments.
The forth crops is good at difficult tactical movements.
The discussion of how to utilise each unique corp was taking quite a long time, but Krische is the original person that proposed this strategy.
She cannot just say that she wants to go sleep and was half forced to participate in this meeting until this time of the night.
Krische was sleepily rubbing her eyes as Selene led her into a small tent by the hand.
Inside was a few small articles and a simple bed in the corner consisting of a blanket on straw.
Selene sat Krische down on the bed and poured soup into a bowl from a jar she her brought back.
Grabbing the bread that she had also brought, she sat down next to Krische, tore off some bread, soaked it in the soup and pushed it into Krische’s mouth.
Krische slowly chewed, swallowed, then spoke sleepily.
“Tasty……”
“Here, hold the soup Krische. I’ll feed you.”
“Okay……”
Krische usually sleeps two hours after sundown and wakes early with Bery.
Krische’s stamina was at its limits after staying up so late coupled with the mental work of the meeting. She had also been deprived of her meal for that time, so by now Krische’s intellect has dropped to the lowest possible level.
Since there is only Selene, whom Krische can relax around, Krische was just moving by instinct at this point.
“You’re really still a child no matter how big you grow. Bery and I are fine but you can’t act like this in front of other soldiers. Okay?”
“Nn……okay.”
“……really? Do you really get it……?”
But Selene was smiling happily as she petted Krische’s head, watching Krische blissfully eat the bread, like a chick being fed.
Krische eyes narrowed happily just a little.
Once Selene was done feeding Krische, she removed Krische’s cloak and equipment, then covered her with the blanket.
“……this is like I’m the servant here. I’m not Bery you know”
“……? Selene is Selene. Krische did not mix up.”
“That’s not what I meant. Never mind, hurry up and sleep.”
Krische looked confused when Selene prodded her cheek, then grabbed Selene’s hand and tugged. Krische grows cold easily and needs a heat source.
Selene climbed into bed, muttering to herself, but smiled and gently hugged back when Krische hugged her.
Krische closed her eyes, looking completely relaxed and blissful. Her breathing quickly settled and slowed.
“She really falls asleep fast……”
Selene sighed and kissed Krische’s brow, brushing aside her silky hair.
Selene lowered her eyes to her hand. It was trembling slightly. She shook her head.
――Just a few days ago, Selene had killed someone for the first time.
In the middle of delivering an order to a corps commander, she was caught up in a small skirmish and killed two people.
Selene trained with Krische everyday, so they were easily dealt with and she did not have the time to think about it in the confusion of the battlefield. But when she went to bed alone that night, the memory resurfaced and her body trembled.
She could remember the feeling of her blade cutting through flesh, the expression of anguish on their faces.
There were many voices on the battlefield.
The voice of someone calling for their mother, for their lover. The voice of someone fearing death. The pained scream of someone looking for their right hand.
Selene had vomited that night and had still been a bad state the next day.
Gallen comforted her but Selene had barely been able to sleep these past few days. She could still feel the sensation on her hands.
Selene looked at Krische’s relaxed, young face.
It is unbelievable that she killed 13 people.
Of course, this is not her first time, but Krische is still too calm.
She had spoken as she usually did when she talked about how she killed the bandits and tortured one, as if she was explaining what was for dinner.
Rather than scary, Selene found it sad.
Was she like that from the start? Or did she become like this after losing her parents?
Selene does not know but that is not the issue.
She might always be like this, for the rest of her life.
Krische’s morals are different from others and occasionally there are misunderstandings over the simplest things.
She is talented, but abnormal.
To her, it might even feel like everyone else is a completely different species.
Krische would do anything if there is a need to.
She would not hesitate, she would accomplish it with complete calm, seemingly heartless.
That is why people fear and avoid her.
Selene had thought the villagers were horrible for treating Krische that way.
But now Selene understands why, and it is just sad.
“……no matter what, Krische will be Krische.”
Krische always acts normal even if others hate or fear her.
Nothing changes. Krische would not care.
Even if people she were close to started to avoid her and she was left all alone, Krische will be Krische.
And Krische might just go on, without even realising that she is lonely.
Like a clown that continues dancing, not realising she is the only one left in the circus.
Selene watched Krische blissfully snuggle against her.
Krische likes sleeping with people.
Maybe it is because it feels good, or because it is reassuring, or perhaps just because it is warm. Selene does not know the reason.
Krische is always tagging along behind Bery back at home, depending on her. She always looked like she was having fun doing chores or cooking together.
But even if Krische lost that――
“……haa.”
The saddest part is that she will not feel sad even if she lost that happiness.
Krische is missing something important and she does not realise it.
Even if she loses something important, she cannot realise it is important.
After two years together, Selene has gotten to know Krische quite well.
Selene has seen plenty of Krische’s adorable side――and her sad side. Selene has grown to want to protect her.
Is this how a mother feels? Or an older sister?
Doesn’t matter
, Selene dismissed it, running her finger through Krische’s light hair.
It may be presumptuous, but I will be there for her
.
In order to protect the happiness that Krische herself does not realise she has, I will fight.
‘
……Krische-sama would probably fight better than anyone else. She might even become a hero remembered in history. But the Krische-sama I know likes cooking and is an unexpectedly spoiled girl……so I am against this.
‘
When Krische had started visiting the training grounds, Bery had been strongly against it.
At that time Selene had only thought of Krische as a slightly weird girl and brushed it off too easily.
Lately, Selene has slowly grown to understand the meaning behind those words, but she only truly understood them after hearing Krische’s report today.
Ah. Bery must have understood Krische before any of us.
She must have already been thinking the same thing as I am now.
“I’m still incapable but……”
Selene whispered to Krische.
“One day, I will protect you, so that you don’t have to try so hard.”
Kissing Krische on the brow again, Selene slowly closed her eyes.
-End-
