U.E. C.25: Magic and Kisses
It has been approximately two months since they returned home.
Although Bogan has not returned yet, life in the estate is back to normal.
Krische and Bery cleaned the estate, tended to the garden, cooked and prepared the bath.
The only difference is that Krische has grown even more attached to Bery.
Krische has become more honest and reliant on Bery.
Today, Krische and Bery are spending their time in the kitchen again.
“Ah……it broke.”
“……?”
“The teapot’s magic crystal is not working.”
Bery had been about to brew tea after baking cookies. She removed the magic crystal installed in the base of the teapot and squinted at it.
Magic crystals are engraved with magic circuits――by injecting mana into them, various effects can be achieved depending on the circuit engraved.
This magic crystal had been engraved with the circuit for ‘heat’ but residue mana has built up in the circuit after repeated use, deforming the circuit and rendering it useless.
Once this happens, the circuit has be recarved, Bery sighed.
The usual method of repairing magic crystals is to go to ‘magic technicians’, who make a living carving magic circuits into magic crystals. But Bery has the knowledge and technique required to repair relatively simple magic crystals by herself.
I will fix it when I’m free,
Bery thought as she poured the water from the teapot into a pot when Krische suddenly muttered.
“Magic crystals are easy to use but since they break, they are a little inconvenient.”
“Well, all tools are like that. I will fix it later.”
“Then let Krische……ah, oh yeah, Krische thought of an idea recently.”
Krische extended a finger towards the pot.
Bery tilted her head in question――then was stunned by Krische’s ‘idea’.
Bery saw pale blue mana gathering around Krische’s finger.
The mana extended from her finger towards the pot and enveloping it, then the mana itself formed a magic circuit, bringing the water to a boil in a short span of time――Krische had turned lukewarm water into boiling water.
“Krische had always found it a little weird that everyone uses magic crystals. Why not just create a circuit in the ‘floofy thing’?”
Krische spoke as she made the water boil just by pointing at it, failing to notice Bery’s reaction.
Magic crystals are formed when mana crystallises underground.
These crystals are used as a medium for magic because of their stability, ease of processing and ability to absorb mana.
Heat, cool, start a fire, create water, provide light.
Just about all magic uses magic crystals as a medium and that is the ‘norm’ in this world.
Excluding magic that acts on the caster’s own body, magic cannot be used without magic crystals.
That is the consensus among magicians.
‘Magic technicians’ carve circuits in magic crystals while ‘magicians’ develop and refine those circuits. In this world, magicians are magic crystal researchers and technicians.
The ‘magician’s rod’ that many magicians wield are equipped with magic crystals and that is how some magicians shoot light bullets or manipulate fire.
But that magic is merely a means of self-defense and requires magic crystals.
Multiple magic crystals are required to use different magics and they can be difficult to carry since complicated circuits would require larger magic crystals.
This is the reason why there are hardly any ‘fairytale magicians’ on the battlefield. Excluding physical enchancement, almost all magic is used for peaceful purposes.
“Not just that, by doing this……”
Krische waved her right index finger and created flames in the air while spinning her left index finger and making a stream of water from the pot dance like a snake.
“By reproducing the circuits carved in the magic crystals with our own ‘floof’, magic crystals are not needed. This makes cooking more convenient.”
“Cooking……”
“Yes. There were a lot of inconveniences on the battlefield, so this can be used when cooking outdoors……ah, it can also be used for cleaning and laundry.”
Bery could only stare at this new theory of magic before her very eyes.
Even for Bery, who has studied magic more than the average person, this is completely unknown.
Many magicians are searching for ways to use magic without magic crystals, but none of them have achieved anything practical.
At most, there is a method using pure silver in place of magic crystals, but Bery had never heard of anyone using magic completely empty-handed like Krische.
Bery could understand the theory and with enough effort and practice, she could probably achieve the same thing.
Instead of creating a set mold and injecting mana into it, build the circuit in your own mana.
It is a difficult technique on the level of drawing a picture on the surface of water, but with the correct method it is possible.
Krische’s discovery is revolutionary――one day, it might become the standard way to use magic throughout the world.
Bery was surprised at first, seeing the pipe dream described in many grimoires――the completed version of it, right before her eyes, then felt fear silently creep up on her.
The objectives of that pipe dream is far from peaceful.
If magicians were able to freely use magic anywhere and everywhere――on the battlefield for example, magicians would become a force to be reckoned with.
Many grimoires describe how magicians could change the fundamental concepts of war if they were able to easily and flexibly manipulate the elements wherever they were.
This could hail the beginning of an age where magicians are more than mere researchers.
The majority of magicians are nobles and are treated better than commoners, but they are still close to the bottom of the ladder.
Many magicians are second or third sons who had no other career choices.
Those that play an active role on the battlefield receive the greatest honours in high society, so magicians are not treated well and some even looked down on them.
This treatment and oppression led to such fantasies.
Krische’s idea will have too large of an impact on them.
Based on Krische’s words, Bery is the first Krische has shown this to.
Bery was relieved by that for now.
“Bery?”
“……it is nothing. I was just, a little too surprised. This might be very convenient indeed.”
Bery gently patted Krische’s head, sealing her surprise and fear deep in her heart.
Krische smiled as she always did when patted on the head.
Krische herself did not see this as a big deal.
She had simply demonstrated something she had thought of to cheer Bery up because Bery had sighed.
It it not very difficult for Krische and she also believes Bery can do it since Bery is good at manipulating mana.
Krische is simply grateful for Bery’s goodwill and feels she could never completely repay Bery.
Krische has no hesitation about sharing such techniques to cheer Bery up.
Krische puts a lot more weight on the cooking that she learns from Bery. Compared to that, this is nothing.
Bery understood Krische’s simple desire to cheer her up.
That is why Bery was not sure what to say.
Krische’s idea is meant for the cooking that she loves.
Although Krische might be abnormal, the purpose of this idea is peaceful, she has grown to be a kind girl at heart.
That is why Bery did not want Krische’s idea to create unnecessary tragedies.
“……what does Krische-sama think about war?”
“Think……?”
“Does Krische-sama like it? Hate it?”
“Then, hate.”
Krische tilted her head in confusion about the question’s intent, but still answered instantly.
Bery nodded in agreement.
“I hate it too. The principle of war is simple. Let us say there is an apple and Krische-sama wants to eat it, then one more person, someone else had the same thought. If both of you want to take the apple for yourselves, Krische-sama will end up fighting with that person.”
Bery took out an apple from a basket, placing it on a cutting board.
Krische watched her with serious eyes.
“Even if Krische-sama restrained yourself and thought to share, if the other person still says he wants to eat the whole apple, you will still end up fighting……does Krische-sama understand?”
“Er……yes.”
“The apple is an example. It could be territory, people or technology. It could even be the idea that Krische-sama has just showed me.”
“Krische’s idea……?”
Bery nodded as Krische created a small flame at the tip of her finger and showed it to Bery.
“Krische-sama’s idea is something nobody else has thought of, it is an amazing discovery. Just as Krische-sama said, it can be used for many things, but if it is turned on people, it could easily be used for war.”
“Ah, that is, right……Krische somewhat understand what Bery wants to say. People who want to know Krische’s idea would try to steal it from Krische right?”
“Yes.”
Krische nodded then replied.
“Then how about just telling everyone? It does not get reduced like the apple, so everyone can share.”
Krische knows that Bery is a kind person.
So she can roughly predict the answers that Bery wants.
It will be troublesome, but Krische is willing to do it if it is Bery’s wish.
“That is a wonderful thought. But even if Krische-sama tries to teach many people, there is a limit. There is no way to teach everyone in the world and even if Krische-sama told the people Krische-sama has taught to spread it, it will definitely stop somewhere.”
“Why?”
“Let us say there is an empty-handed opponent in front of Krische-sama. Krische-sama must fight with that person. Although that person has not noticed, there is a sword at his feet. Will Krische-sama tell him that?”
“I see.”
Krische nodded in understanding.
“Technology that can be used for war is similar, even other technology that are just convenient are also like that. It is better to monopolise it and keep it from your enemies. That is the normal way of thinking. And……back to the apple example.”
“Apple……?”
“Yes. When there is a battle, the strong always wins. But if the weak that always had the apple stolen from them suddenly obtained the power to defeat the strong, they would want to get revenge. Krische-sama’s idea has the power to turn the weak into the strong, so it would not be good to spread it.”
As Krische listened to Bery talk so seriously, she gradually grew more anxious.
Bery did not look happy at all.
“Er……then, Krische’s idea, is bad……?”
“……no. It is definitely not Krische-sama’s fault nor am I saying that the idea is bad. But……I am a little scared that it will lead to unnecessary conflict.”
Bery embraced Krische and gently patted her head.
“Krische-sama wants to make daily life more convenient. But there are people that think differently and will use technology for bad things. People that like fighting will not use this technique for cooking or laundry, they will use it for war. That is a very sad thing, so I do not want to see it happen. Krische-sama hates war and I do not want Krische-sama’s idea to lead to it. So I want Krische-sama to keep it a secret between us.”
“Secret?”
“Yes. I believe that Krische-sama’s idea is a wonderful thing. I would like to try using it to do various things. But if what I said comes to pass, I would be very said, so I want to keep it as a secret between the both of us only.”
“Okay. Er, then Selene too……?”
“Ojou-sama……as well. Of course the secret is not absolute, just as much as possible but……”
Krische nodded.
“Krische will not do anything that makes Bery sad.”
“……thank you. Thank you for listening to my selfish request.”
“Krische is always making selfish requests of Bery……”
After saying that, Krische nervously asked another question.
“……Bery, do you hate Krische now?”
“Fufu, that will not happen. I love Krische-sama.”
“Er……Krische wants Bery to tell Krische if Bery does not like something or is angry.”
“It is okay. Why would I dislike it or get angry when the Krische-sama I love is trying to make me happy? ……like I said, personally I am very happy that Krische-sama taught me this, it is very interesting and exciting.”
Krische sighed in relief and smiled happily, then tip-toed a little to press her lips to Bery’s.
Bery stiffened for an instant, but Krische did not notice, her expression was full of bliss.
“Krische also loves Bery……ehehe, it is mutual.”
“Y……yeah.”
Bery’s face was bright red and troubled after the kiss, her eyes wandering around awkwardly.
It is her fault, but she is still not used to it.
――the mouth-to-mouth candy from Krische when she came home.
That was the beginning of it all.
Krische had seen her parents kiss a lot, Bery and Selene also kiss her cheek and forehead occasionally, so Krische saw kissing as something normal between people who are close.
That is why she had no qualms about that mouth-to-mouth transfer. Bery felt that this was dangerous and taught Krische about kisses.
But since Bery focused on making it comprehensible for Krische, it became a long-winded and roundabout explanation, taking a long time to explain to Krische that kissing is an expression of love done between two people who love each other.
Part of the cause is also that Bery herself was slightly embarrassed by the explanation――
no, that was the problem
, Bery realised
Bery reminded herself that she had left out the obvious part that kissing is normally done between those of opposite sex and also made the mistake of implying that Krische’s kiss was a bad thing.
Krische saw her relationship with Bery as two people with strong goodwill for each other, meaning they love each other.
So when Bery implied that Krische’s kiss was a bad thing, Kirsche had asked if Bery did not like Krische.
Bery had desperately denied it and was looking for a better explanation when Krische anxiously asked why Bery explained it like that, whether Bery did not like kissing Krische. Bery was not able to hold out.
Bery had hastily replied, ‘O, ojou-sama and the coachman were there, so, so, it was not that I did not like it……er, er, it is just not good to do it in such a place.’
Krische had asked repeatedly, ‘Really? Bery does not hate kissing Krische?’ and when Bery nodded, Krische kissed Bery again in relief.
――And that was the beginning.
After that Krische became a kissing fiend and kissed whenever she felt uneasy or happy.
Krische had not properly understood the explanation that kissing is an expression of love, seeing it as an appealing method for displaying goodwill.
Krische had learnt from Bery and Grace that loving each other is a good thing.
So Krische naturally thought expressing love is also a good thing, whenever she has the chance, she puts this ‘good thing’ into practice with Bery and Selene.
Both Bery and Selene were unable to deny her pure innocence to her face and it dragged out to this point without them being able to correct her.
It was all they could do to make her promise to only do it with the two of them and not when there are other people around. Bery also has to listen to Selene’s complaints about this everyday.
Krische looked up at Bery expectantly.
Bery’s face was bright red as she embraced Krische even tighter and patted her head, regretting that unrecoverable mistake.
Even as Bery repeated to herself that there is no strange meaning behind it, seeing Krische smile so happily when she is kissed also makes Bery happy.
Bery tried to convince herself that the fact that Krische is able to express her emotions like others is something to celebrate, definitely not a bad thing, but Bery’s conscience tormented her.
“We, we ended up talking a while. Back to what we were doing……let’s return to your room after brewing tea.”
“Okay.”
Bery shook her head clear of those thoughts, averting her eyes from the problem.
Bery is too sweet on Krische and the problem is growing worse day by day, but she is already in a state of resignation.
-End-
You thought that yuri was a one-off?
